the BEST BEST hotdogs!! If you havent tried chili mans hotdogs or even met the chili man, well im sorry you are missing out. 5stars no doubt!
My girlfriend and I made the trek from South Charlotte.  Wow, was it worth it, worth the wait, Holy Cow!  We couldn't decide what to get, so we both got two.  The life changer is just that.  I lived in Chicago as a teenager, and USED to think a Chicago dog was the best there is...no longer.  Chili man's life changer is the best hot dog I've ever had.  Can't wait to go again.  I think he's right, my husband may have a problem with this, but I may be waking up in the night saying, "Chili man, that's a life changer"
Hands down the best hot dog I've ever had! It was so good I even went back and got a second one! I flew to Charlotte from Arizona for a bachelorette weekend, and these hot dogs were definitely part of the memorable experience.

He had so many amazing choices including creating your own with a variety of toppings and sauces. Vic was incredibly personable and friendly!
Had my first visit and Vic is the best. The line was 10 deep at 11:15am and he charmed the crown as we patiently waited for the best chili dog I have ever had. The Boogie Down Dog was so good I wasn't sure that Southern all the way would even come close. Both were outstanding. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
I have tried most of the hot dog vendors in the uptown area and "The Chili Man"  is by far the best!  Also, you always get very good conversation while you wait!  What more could you ask for!
Best hot dogs in Charlotte. Vic makes everything from scratch and it's always amazing. Try "the life changer"
Come for the great dogs, stay for the conversation. Sidewalk socialite and local philanthropist, Vic will definitely put a smile on your face :).
After coming here for the first time last Wednesday, I've already been back 3 times. It is far and away the best hotdog you will ever eat in your entire damn life. If you go here, don't play it safe, be sure to try one of Vic's crazy creations like the Frito Pie dog or his weekly special- they are absolutely killer. Insanely good hotdogs, insanely good company, you owe it to yourself to make this a regular spot.
Long time eater, first time reviewer.  And what better way to start my first review than with the best lunch in town.  Note I said best lunch, not best chili dog or street vendor.  Everything Vic serves is top notch, starting with the buns, to the dogs, to the condiments (especially the spicy mustard and ketchup he makes himself), to the toppings.  But the real star of the show is the chili.  We're not talking browned meat with a little sauce here.  We're talking about chili that is loaded with meat, beans, spices, and flavor.  Chili that travels the region and wins prizes at festivals.  Chili that has been crafted and refined over a lifetime.  Chili that will make you slap your mama!

But wait, there's more!  You don't just get a great meal, you'll get entertainment, too.  Vic is a heck of a personable guy, and none to shy.  Depending on the time of day the line can grow a little long.  But it's always well worth the wait, and Vic's hospitality will make the time fly by.  So treat yourself when you are downtown.  You'll be glad you did!
Great spot for lunch. The guy is awesome so friendly and really loves his job, I love grabbing a dog or two from him. I am vegetarian and the veggie dogs are great lots of choices and really tasty, take an extra few minutes as cooked fresh, but that is no bad thing.
All I can do is backup everything others have said. The best Hot dog in the City, rivaling NYC, this coming from a New Yorker. I am upset his hours make it so difficult to get to his dogs, but my arteries are probably better for it.

Read more at http://eatitcharlotte.com/2016/05/16/vic-the-chili-man/
We just moved out of Charlotte and had a small list of places we absolutely had to visit before we left, Chili Man was one of them! His hot dogs are amazing and waiting in line for them is totally worth it (there's a reason there's always a line). Best hot dogs in town! If you're adventurous, let him recommend one for you. I recommend the Naco dog, which has grilled cheese (literally, cheese put directly on the grill until crisp and placed lovingly into the hot dog bun). You can't go wrong here, I promise. GO!
By far the Best Hot Dog I have ever had in my life plus the lovely gentleman behind the counter was  super friendly. Going back before we leave town!!
So I am so happy that I chose to forfeit my salad and join some fellow Yelpers in finally grabbing one of the Chili Man's dogs. Man.....it's obvious why he is one of the best rated "restaurants" in Charlotte.

Vic the Chili Man operates out of a cart with an umbrella. It's typically set up in Uptown a little down from Trade and Tryon. Honestly, if he is there, you can't miss it cause there will be a line. Wait in said line, it's worth it.

Vic is a pretty cool guy. I couldn't help but crack a smile while he was talking and entertaining us while we waited. He makes each dog perfectly, including even toasting the buns. I mean, who does that?!?

I ordered the specialty dog of the day, the Stupid Black Garlic Dog (I only got one cause I had eaten have of salad mentioned above). The dog had a black bean chili, brie, some black garlic sauce of deliciousness. Heck, there could have been something else on there. I dont know. It was just amazing. I mean, it was a Guy Fieri style of bending over so you don't get your shirt messy while eating this amazingness of a hot dog. This dog was $3.50 too!!

Vic is the real deal.
If you're in Charlotte Vic is a must! Hot dogs are so good! Might be a wait but it'll be well worth it and Vic's stories are always funny! I recommend the Frito Pie Dog!
Very good hot dogs and a variety of homemade toppings - can't go wrong.  I love just the basics chili, cheese and spicy mustard.
If you like hotdogs and bratwurst, this is the best place to visit for a gourmet experience.  Prices are reasonable for a street cart prices, and you'll feel like Barley in Shadowblaze's epicsaga books with a chili dog with the works in your mouth!
I have had several amazing dogs from the chilli man. He is a true hot dog hero. My most recent dog, the chicken parm with pesto, was an absolute masterpiece. He has amazing prices for uptown food. He's like the soda machine with last decade's prices.
Every city has hot dog carts, but I have never visited one like this.

These are truly a gourmet experience at standard hot dog cart prices. I have never had a better hot dog at home, or another venue.

Vic, the proprietor and chef, is always fun, as he serves up his witty banter and dogs. The cooking is always on point. 

There are homemade sauces, and he frequently offers a special recipe dog so that you can try something different.

The Life Changer is my go to order.

I advise getting there early, because the line can get to be a bit absurd. It is very convenient, that he also takes Square payments.
BEST HOT DOG IN MY LIFE.   Very clean and gives you a good laugh as well.   I can't wait to go back again
Yeah, 58 5-Star ratings (as of 3.31.16) isn't a fantasy! Vic the Chili Man's food is LEGIT! He's a great guy serving up great food. I shouldn't have been surprised there was a line only :30 min after opening. I'm not one for lines... The day before I paid for Express Lane passes at Carowinds! But, I can honestly say, the wait is worth it. Just be patient and it goes pretty steadily. It's actually quite impressive for a one man show. 

Order: The Life Changer, Q-Dog and Fritto Pie Dog. Even if you'd never dream of eating 3 hotdogs, order them all and have a few bites of each. You won't regret it!!!
Hot dogs are my jam, I can eat hot dogs anytime of the day, when I'm traveling, I will buy a hot dog and take a couple of bites even if I have just eaten, just for the love of hot dogs.  When I read about The Chili Man, I couldn't believe I didn't know about him! 
I once was lost but now I'm found.

Weekdays (except Monday) you can find The Chili Man's food cart parked in front of BofA and Chima on Tryon.  He is serving up delicious hot dogs with homemade chili, slaw, mustard and spicy ketchup.  

I would recommend going with someone so you can order three or four and cut them in half, so you can try different styles!!

Food cart, canned soft drinks, chips.
Best. Hot dogs. Ever. And really, the only street food I eat...Vic is a great guy that helps Charlotte get great food! I love the Life Changer :-)
Just when you think you've already had the best dogs in charlotte you run into chiliman.  What I think I like most - and find most unique - is that he puts fried cheese on a lot of his dogs. He will throw a pile of shredded cheese on the grill and let it cook until crispy. He will then lay that down on the bun and proceed to layer on the other toppings. The added texture works really well - plus it helps keep the bun from getting soggy. 

As others have said, Vic is a riot. I asked for the "Life Changer" dog and he replied with "that it will my friend". I then asked if he had any other dogs he recommended. After a long pause he tipped me off to a "hidden" dog that's not on his menu. Think "Life Changer" with a Cajun twist. Both dogs were really really good!  

He also serves up a really tasty chicken taco as well if he's offering it on the menu. Another must try if you ever find yourself at chiliman's food cart. 

The homemade sauces are over the top good. My favorite was the blueberry but they were all really good.
You gotta love Chili Man (Vic) and you gotta love the dogs!  This is a Charlotte staple and once you've waited in the line and heard Vic's stories and then had the chance to devour several of the dogs (you can't order just one) then you'll know why!
Love it, keep up the great work... and looking forward to trying the Pink Panther dog (in the ever changing name of the pink sauce series). ;)
These are the best hot dogs you will find anywhere in the Charlotte area!!!! The menu is awesome and chili man kills it! Great prices and very convenient!!
I would have to admit that I have never been a fan of any hot dogs until I tried Chili Man's hot dog. So many options to choose from: spicy, specials, and plain ole type of hot dogs. I always got for the Chili Man's choice!
I was lucky enough to run into the Chili Man truck during my bachelorette party this past weekend. I was in town all the way from Texas so naturally I had to get the frito pie hot dog and it was AMAZING. I'm so sad I can't have 12 more!! The food was great and Vic was super friendly, do yourself a favor and find the chili man, you won't regret it!

Thanks again Vic
-The Bride :) (2 of 6)
My biggest regret is waiting to try his hot dogs right before my employer transferred me out of uptown. Now whenever I have a meeting I go out of my way to stop by.  The Frito Lays is my favorite off the original menu but the blue cheese hot dog he has on special is the best I've had yet. He's got a great personality and is funny to talk to which helps make waiting in line worth it. I highly recommend.
Best dogs you'll have anywhere!
The dude flipping dogs is a little off, but the dogs are worth it. Get the life of pie, it'll change your life with some fritos
Vic is a hot dog master! He did an event at my apartment community at a great price and brought all his homemade hot sauces and chili, which were amazing! (I hear he does some mean catering too!) I wish I were lucky enough to be able to frequent his cart for lunch: his specials and regular menu are both incredible!
This guy is amazing. Best hot dogs ever. It's a whole experience to go chat and get a hot-dog.
Must try in Charlotte
Can't beat the dogs and unique combinations. Come for the dogs, stay for the banter. Vic is a fixture in uptown and never disappoints. Forget about the other hotdog stands  and sandwich places in Uptown, the Chili Man is it.

Personal favorite is the Vinegar Bomb 2.0. You're welcome.
Best hot dog vendor ever!!!!!!! Super personable and fantastic customer service. Has all kinds of hot dogs and makes up his own combinations. Very funny and pleasant to be around!
Vic aka "chili man" works across from our food cart on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and I must say does have some of the best dogs I have had.  Super nice guy, chili and BBQ sauce maker extrordinaire.....like with awards and stuff.  If you are uptown on those days come over to 4th and Tryon and give it a try for a top quality dog and good conversation.
I've been a fan of the Chili Man for 10 years and he has never disappointed. The line can get long, at times, but that's to be expected when you're serving up the best hot dogs in the country and best lunch in the city. Vic keeps the line entertained with his great stories and colorful anecdotes. 

I recommend the Frito Pie dog as the standard bearer, and pairing it with whatever concoction Vic has created as the special for the day. Absent a special, the Heroin is another great dog.

If Vic is out slingin dogs, don't pass it up!
This guy is a riot. He swoops into Uptown only a few days per week, but his little cart is jammed the whole time. Most of his products are homemade, home marinated, or home smoked, and definitely worth the effort. He has the awards to prove it. Ask him about any of the meats and he'll tell you the painstaking process that he went through to prepare it. But don't ask if you don't have time - each answer comes with a heaping side of Charlotte lore and Southern storytelling.
One of my colleagues told me I "had to" try the Chili Man's dogs.  So today I did.  

FANTASTIC!  I had what I think he called the Chili Man's Special and a Q-Dog.  The former had delicious homemade chili (thick, meaty, spicy, tasty with beans) and a delicious spicy mustard.  The latter had homemade BBQ sauce, tasty coleslaw, onions and perhaps some cheese.  Can't remember for sure.  Both were incredibly good.  I'll not forget that chili any time soon, and I'll be back for more.  Everything was top quality -- buns, dogs and condiments.

And, as others have mentioned, the Chili Man has a way with people.  Very engaging guy.  I love to patronize businesses like this.
For the last 18 months that I've been traveling down to Charlotte, I've been walking past this guy, dubbed "Chili Man" and his cart, off Tryon.  On my last week traveling down to the Queen City, my colleague and I were on our way to the usual Dean and Deluca lunch when I spotted the Chili Man and thought - dude, if I don't try the top rated Yelp "restaurant" before I leave this place I'm not a real Yelper.  

My colleague is vegetarian, and the Chili Man has veggie dogs and veggie chili (sometimes!).  

I got the two chili dog combo with chips and a soda for $7.75 - great bang for your buck.  I went with the Vinegar bomb and the Life Changer.  Best damn chili dogs I've had.  The vinegar bomb has some of my favorite hot dog stuffs - chili, sauerkraut, pickles, and pickled jalapenos.  Those who love your sour veggies would love this.  The Life Changer was pretty life changing indeed.  I'm a spice lover and this did not disappoint.  The addition of the "fried cheese" sounded weird, but made for a delicious combo.  I'd get both of these again.

I'd also like to make a note that the Chili Man is super cool.  He's a no-BS kind of guy who is very friendly and chatted it up with me and my colleague while he put his love into our food.  I like to support people like him who run small business - keep it up, Chili Man!

Forget your diet - these dogs are the real deal.
I don't even know where to start with Chili mans hotdogs.... I wait all winter for Vic to come back downtown and serve his AMAZING hotdogs !!! Everything on his menu has been good every bite. My favorite hot dog is the frito pie dog and then the Lifechanger. The way Vic comes up with all the tops is amazing and are great combinations. The line is always long but it is always worth the wait. Vic makes the wait enjoyable with all of his funny stories or random visitors that come by that are entertainment as well. Chili Mans is really a Charlotte gem and a must try !!
Without a doubt, Chiliman Vic, takes Hotdogs to a whole new level. I had one if his gourmet Chili dogs and was completely blown away. He definitely serves the best Hotdogs in Charlotte, and I will recommend him to all of my friends. Oh, by the way, he's funny too. Great entertainment while he does your food. Two thumbs up!!
Lots of soul in his food. Best hot dog in charlotte.
I don't even really like hot dogs and this thing was amazing.  I had low to medium expectations - was really just in a hurry and it exceeded expectations by a mile.  I'll go back for sure.
This guy is the man. Its very obvious he is passionate about what he does, and the food is better because of it. I went with a classic bratwurst and spicy mustard, and hot damn, was I impressed. Not only was the food fantastic, but he is quite the personality as well. Youll never eat better at a food cart. His sauces are the bomb. What else is there to say? Skip the other over priced DT resteraunts and hit up the chili man on Tryon St. on your next lunch break, you wont regret it.
Hands down best hot dogs in town, heck I'd say that they are the best in the country, Vic is friendly and makes sure that every hot dog is perfect and he takes pride in serving the best hot dogs that money can buy. If you are ever in Uptown Charlotte around lunch time during his serving season stopping at the Chili Man hot dog stand is a must!!
Hands down best hot dogs in Charlotte. Can't go wrong with any of Vic's creations. Keep a look out for the weekly special.
This review is long overdue since the first time I devoured a hot dog from the. "Chili man" i was pregnant with my now 3 yr old. It is amazing.. Now stop.. Wait in line... And enjoy...
On the top of my daily Yelp email was "Hot Diggity Dog".  As A hot dog lover I had to take a peak.

Walked down to corner of Trade and Fourth (right in front of Chima) and was surprised at the long line however good things come to those who wait.

Coolest thing is all toppings are included in the very reasonable price so whatever you want its good.  Great guy to chat with and just an overall great spot.  Thanks for the email Yelp!

Tip - Get the melted cheese (it comes on some of the specialty dogs and he will be glad to put it on anything if you ask).
The sauce of the week was made by some local grown NC chili peppers. Vic tossed some on my third dog for a try. It is pretty warm and flavorful but nothing so hot that requires you to be a professional fire eater.

Vic does take credit cards!!
Well actually he is using square up so if you have the wallet app on your phone your good to go.

Great place for a great hot dog.

(Update) After talking to Vic, The F-Bomb sauce may or may not be too hot for you. You can ask for a taste first.
When I first started working Uptown I wanted to get a "street hotdog" since I had always associated the downtown life with a great frank (don't ask me why, maybe too many movies). On my third day on the job I went to find a hotdog stand and was successful. However, it was just a plain jane hot dog with a little ketchup and mustard. Good but not really anything to look forward to again.

Fast forward a few weeks. I am walking the streets of Tryon looking for something to inspire my palette because I'm in one of those rare moods where I just can't decide what I'm hankering for.

I came across the Chili Man stand on Tryon between 4th and Trade and saw a few people ordering and being chatted up by the owner. Loving verbal engagement I wandered over and stood in line meanwhile listening to a random story being recounted by the Chili Man himself.
There are essentially two main options on the menu: Hotdogs and Brats.
Fortunately I happen to like both and ordered one of each.

Then I got to pick my toppings for my meal. For my brat I just got brown mustard and Sauerkraut (major kudos for even offering a brat with kraut, which is surprisingly rare). I took my dog based on his recommendation which included spicy mustard, spicy ketchup, chili and cheese.

I will say both were great but the chili just put things over the edge. It did not seem like a generic canned chili and I have been told (though not confirmed) that he makes it himself. It would not surprise me. It does not matter if you don't have cash because he is up on the digital age and can accept credit cards.

So the food is fantastic but one thing that makes you want to come back and what puts this place at the top of my Uptown lunch list (besides the chili) is Vic "the Chili Man" himself. I do not think this man has ever met a stranger. He always has a great story or conversation topic that has nothing to do with the weather, sports or politics. It is refreshing to say the least. If you are ever in a downcast mood, this man can lift your spirits with a good conversation or story. He is not intentional about it, it is just who he is.

Come for the dogs, hang around the cart for the conversation. Be prepared to repeat.
We hired Vic to cater hotdogs at our law firm's porch party.  I've eaten a many hotdogs in my lifetime, and Vic's were far and away the best I've ever had.  I ponder whether you should even call them hotdogs since each one is so unique.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Vic to cater an event.  He'll be at every one of our firm porch parties moving forward.  I forgot to mention that Vic, separate form his food, is a walking entertainer. I could BS with him all day and our guests loved him.
We went to Chili Man and had pretty high expectations.... and WOW - it surpassed those expectations. It was hands down the best hot dog spot I've ever been to. I was with 4 other people and we all had 3 rounds of deliciousness. We started out with the Life Changer (which I ended up getting twice...) and then he made us a buffalo / bleu cheese something or other... just wow. The food was crazy good, but Vic - Captain Awesome as we call him - is an all around awesome dude. 

I would recommend him over and over again.. and I'M LEAVING THE 50TH 5 STAR REVIEW.  :)
I saw that Vic got a four star review, so I have to balance it out with a five star review because his hot dogs really are the best. I always try to go for a special when I can, and I remember the one time he made an Italian style pepperoni dog, it truly was the best hot dog I've ever had. I like Vic's jokes because he's able to be funny without ever being offensive. Vic for president!!!
First time here and the food was excellent! I absolutely loved the chili dogs and Vic was awesome. We will definitely be back again.
Fantastic quality & experience. Homemade ketchup, homemade mustards, homemade chili, etc. Not your typical streetside food cart.
So, I finally found Vic the Chili Man. And I love him. 

I got the Nacho Dog - best. idea. ever.I can't even describe how excited I was when he put the cheese right on the grill top. OMG. delicious. The dogs are cheap, compared to the experience. He takes credit cards, with no minimum. And the line is worth the wait. 

Vic is so friendly and welcoming, that you feel like you've known him forever. He talks you through the line, so don't despair, get in on the conversation. Its obvious that he loves what he does, and loves the people that he meets. He's one of those people that you never have to think twice about saying hello to, you say hello and then chat for 20 mins about New York or Amsterdam. Seriously, we chatted about both yesterday. He's the guy that you go to get a dog, and bring your family and friends to meet Vic. 

After my experience here, I'm not surprised at all that he has such good reviews, or such a long line. You can't blame people!! Vic is fantastic.
If you're searching for a great hot dog this is the place. Chili Man, an Uptown vendor, offers a variety of dogs--basic chili dogs to special, one of a kind. Lots of regular customers and Vic is entertaining to say the least. Get there early--they run out of dogs quickly. Open M-F from around 11a to 230 ish. You have to visit Chili Man. Located on N. Tryon near Chima's.
Chili man is a must try and deserves every bit of its #1 ranking on Yelp. Not only do you get amazing hotdogs with made from scratch chili and sauces but Vic also provides entertainment with all of his stories. You'll never be bored waiting in line for a hotdog with him behind the grill. Initially I went down the build your own route which was fine but Vic's recommended hot dogs are the way to go. The Life Changer is a definite life changer and the Frito Pie is another great one. Follow him on Twitter or Facebook to find out where he will be.
Best hot dog in uptown area, the chilli dog was awesome. Ask him to make it spicy and you will be like wow! The vendor was also very kind and friendly, I recommend chilli man....
First time going today and I ended up getting two. His chilli is AMAZING! Even better than the hotdogs I got in New York last summer! 
You must try!!
Well, this is my 300th review and I can't think of anyone more deserving of it than the Chili Man. Sidenote: I'm writing this review while eating a salad. This is the definition of torture.

I know what you're thinking, 300 reviews and she's giving 5 stars to a hot dog street vendor?! Vic is a lot more than that. He takes great pride in making quality toppings and creative menu options. On top of great food, he is a one man show. If there's a line, it is completely worth the wait. From his stories and anecdotes, to the menu descriptions and Chili Man facts, you'll have a giant smile on your face the entire time. You can't possibly have a bad day when you see Vic.

On to the food, he has different specials during the week. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter to see what he's got cooking. #SeeWhatIDidThere. Vic has told me for weeks that I need to get the Life Changer. I don't want to say a hot dog changed my life, but hot damn I do believe it did. It definitely deserves that name. Cheese, chili, Chili Man's designer taco sauce, homemade spicy mustard, jalapenos and onion. HOLY. Like, holy should be in 72 pt font. I also got a dog with kraut and homemade spicy mustard. It took a lot of restraint to only eat two hot dogs.

Things to know: don't see something on the named menu you like? Don't worry, you can build your own. Dogs come with unlimited toppings. Say what?! He does take a credit card. Don't work uptown and need a place to park? I like to park a couple blocks away on Poplar between 3rd and 4th streets. There are meters here and it's way cheaper than the parking decks. Don't have change? Use the park mobile app. Takes all of maybe ten seconds to park and pay. And trust me, you'll be thankful for that little walk back to your car after the dogs.

Review #300 is in the books. Here's to the next 300!
I have lived in Charlotte 11 years now and yesterday was the first time I stopped by to see Vic. Friends have been raving about Chili Man for years so I am not sure what took me so long. I had a life changer and the frito pie dog, both were delicious. I have to make up for lost time so I am headed back today...
I was really worried that my second visit wasn't going to be as good as the first (because the first was some of the best hot dogs I've ever had). I wasn't disappointed, got the 'Southern all the way' sub mustard for BBQ sauce, with Cole slaw and cheese. And a bratwurst with red onions, homemade Mango Chipotle BBQ Sauce, and shredded cheese.

This guy is the real deal. And this street food stand is a must-visit for anyone in CLT. Go see for yourself.
Wow, last Friday I had one of the best hot dogs ever. Its rare I venture beyond some simple ingredients on a hot dog but this time my wife and I had one with Mac and cheese and bacon. Wow, what a great dog. The owner truly loves what he does and he talks with everyone. Great experience and we are looking forward to more samplings in the future.

thanks
Mark G.
Today was my first time trying Chili Man's dogs and tell you what? I tried the Naco-Dog and it`s THE most delicious hot-dog I have ever tried in my life and I`m not exaggerating. Plus to the great hot-dogs, Vic, the Chili Man is very friendly!

I will definitely go back!
One word: yum! We loved Vic! I got the Life Changer (rightfully named) and my boyfriend got the nacho dog and the stop light! Delicious and reasonably priced! Liked buying from a guy like Vic!
MUST MUST MUST!!! Seriously, the best chili-topped hot dog I've ever had.  This is not your typical street hotdog!  Vic is an absolute pleasure to talk to.  This is a man who found his calling in life.
I'm not sure if the "chili man" is the most appropriate name for Vic because ALL of his hot dogs are good, and not just the ones with chili. He's an entertaining guy as others have said, genuinely cares about his customers, and he always provides awesome dogs with great service. 
My favorite part is the dogs come exactly as you like. While there is a list of the famous "named" dogs, you can change or add unlimited toppings to them for no extra charge, and he'll make things exactly as you like. Want a TON of spicy mustard? No problem. Just a little BBQ sauce? Same deal. He even asked me if I wanted the BBQ sauce on my "Q Dog" to be spicy, sweet, or fruity and how much. 
The hot dogs and buns are solid quality, but what sets the Chili Man apart are his toppings. The chili is really beefy, flavorful, fresh, and clearly not from a can. The spicy mustard is awesome, the slaw is vinegary but just slightly sweet, the taco sauce is good..I could go on and on about every topping, but the point is they're great. If your dog has "fried cheese" he even puts a little cheddar cheese directly on the griddle to crisp up before adding it to the dog which is perfect. 
Go to the Chili Man, order a few hot dogs depending on how hungry you are (I'm partial to the life changer with extra mustard if you like fairly spicy things), pay the cheap price, thank Vic, and enjoy your killer lunch.
First time there! Well worth the wait. Best hot dogs I have ever had... Will certainly be back.
Vic is a riot!  Go see him for some great food and (likely hilarious) conversation.  The guy is dedicated and makes his own condiments for goodness sake!  A must-try lunch in Uptown.
Never disappointed when you get lunch from Vic. Whether the stories or the food, it's all good. Be prepared to wait though because demand is high and always a line waiting from open to close.
I hate I missed the worlds best dogs! My son played in Gus Macker 3 on 3 and said he had to have a dog or 2 after every game. The chili .... no words can tell you how good. You got a new follower.
Not your average dog! Handmade sauces like pumpkin curry BBQ and a spicy one that uses the reaper pepper. And he has veg dogs and veg chili to boot. Super cool friendly guy that clearly loves what he does (and does it well). Check him out when you see his cart in town.
In case you were wondering, my lunch consisted of the best damn veggie hotdog, with a toasted bun, a layer of grilled ghost pepper cheese, spicy mustard and veggie chili.  
To say I'm full and happy is an understatement.

Vic has awesome food, great prices and some funny conversations to keep you entertained while you wait for heaven on a bun topped with your choice of flavored. 
My lunch was so great yesterday with the vinegar bomb that I had to go back for another today.  He's friendly and remembers everything!  You gotta have a dog here!
Vic transforms hot dogs into mouth-watering flavorful goodness. 
"You will never order another dog from anyone else again after the Chili Man." 

I've been going to the Chili Man for a couple of years now. I'll stop by a few times a week. Make sure to select one of Vic's specialty sauces (homemade). I like to have a combination of sauces. Mixing some of the Spicy, BBQ, and sweet sauces, you create this explosion of flavor. 

The perfect combination, order: Heroin Dog (it's on the menu!) a few of us awhile back founded the creation of that dog; its flavor became popular. You want to have Vic's homemade chili, fried cheese, Naco Sauce, a BBQ and a Sweet/mango sauce, topped with chopped onions and extra shredded cheese. I can not emphasize enough that a simple hot dog just isn't going to cut it anymore. Vic sets a new standard! 

If you like Hot Dogs, the Chili Man is the way to go! Nothing else compares.
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Vic is awesome and his dogs rock!   I love the homemade condiments and attention to detail. Definitely a must visit when in CLT!
I've been wanting to try Vic's hot dogs for a long time.  It's a bit of a drive so I never was able to find time to head down there. Finally went today and it def lived up to the hype. It's an experience for sure. Vic is a character and tells stories while you wait in line.  Really funny guy and makes a great dog. I got the heroin and the special which was a Mac and cheese, chili  and bacon dog. The chili is amazing def worth a trip if you ever want to check it out
Vic still continues to amaze me with his innovations!  I absolutely love that he makes all of his sauces himself. This is about as gourmet of a hot dog as you can get while still be totally laid back and casual. 

I don't work Uptown anymore, so unfortunately for me that means less trips to see Vic. When he posted his specials today, I knew that I had to head uptown for lunch.  Special #1: Mac 'n cheese, chili & crumbled bacon. Special #2: peanut butter & his homemade bacon jam.

That homemade bacon jam is truly out of this world --- Vic, pleasssssse start to use this on a more regular basis. It would be a great accompaniment to many of your existing dogs.

Keep innovating the hot-dog world and putting that Vic man 'soul' into each of your ideas!
I remember last year when someone joked about leaving a 4-star review for Chili Man. The typical jovial light fell from Vic's eyes as he stared down the errant patron. His throat uttered an inhuman growl, with the clearly discernible words "I will cut you" flowing forth from his lips.

Oh wait, that guy may have been me. It'd be really brave and edgy to give these chili dogs 4-stars to break the hot streak, but at the end of the day it'd be just incorrect. Regardless of threats of bodily harm (not serious in case you're wondering) the ratings are here for a reason.

I won't repeat too much of what other people have said, but it's pretty crazy that Vic's been able to elevate tube meat to this level of an art form. However I will say some things that are important to note before you decide to try a dog:

* There are non-spicy options that are sublime, but I do believe that in general the spicy options are your best bet.
* Because of the large amount of ingredients and his mouth, if there's a line there will also be a wait. Expect about 4 minutes per person in front of you. I consider it worth it when there's  less than 6 people in front. Please don't be the guy who orders 10  dogs for the office. Get them to come with you outside.
* This is a street dog. It's served from a grandfathered in open hot dog cart. Vic wears gloves most the time and uses hand sanitizer. If you're expecting clean-room food... first why are you getting a hot dog, and second this place isn't for you. HOWEVER let me be clear - I've probably eaten at least 50 hot dogs from here (oh god) and have never seen or experienced anything untoward in regards to food safety. Just an FYI.
* If you want to know of specials, locations, and if Vic's even gonna be out on the street, you should check FB.
Can't get much better than this.  A great variety of toppings and homemade sauces and his special grilled cheese.  Sounds cliché, but the hardest part of going here is deciding what to get.  My top two are the frito pie dog and the traffic light but I add one of his special sauces (like siracha ginger).

Get there early, there's often a line.  If you search him on Facebook, he often has "special" dogs for just that day, too.
Great dogs, great dude! If you have not tried.....stop what your doing...right now...and go find Vic the chili man! Best hotdogs in CLT!
Seldom in life do things live up to the hype.  Chili Man's hot dog cart blows the hype out of the water.  

The wait was a bit long but every dog is finely crafted.  Yes I used the term finely crafted for a hot dog! It's worth every second though when you take that first bite.  The wait goes by quickly listening to the Chili Man talk and entertain.  

You can't get a better experience for only 3 bucks a dog!

Lifechanger and backside burner! Do it!

Edit to add: Follow him on facebook at Vic the chili man for information on when he's open.  This would have helped me the three other times I went out looking for his cart!
A buddy introduced me to Vic in the summer of 2014 and I enjoyed it several times that year.  I was later saddened to learn Vic takes off the winter, and therefore was one of the first customers on opening day, March 17 2015.  I'm proud to say I devoured 4 chili dogs that day!  For any newbie attempting 4, I might recommend a sort of "step up" as follows:  1 regular chili dog to truly enjoy the homemade chili, 1 naco dog to enjoy the cheesy goodness, 1 heroine dog to enjoy one of many homemade barbeque sauces (my favorite is "drunken pineapple"), and 1 "life changer".  If I had to recommend just one?  Sorry, I can't eat just one.  But if I had to recommend two, it would probably be the naco and the heroine dogs.  Vic is also a cool dude.  And apologies to fellow yelper David S. who always seems to get stuck behind me and my large orders.
Hands down the best hot dog I've ever had. Today was my first time eating there. I got the Vinegar Bomb and the Chili Mans Choice. Got lunch and show! Lol. The Chili Man was a one man show and if you were going to wait in his line he was definitely going to make sure you knew he appreciated your business. Loved this place, going back tomorrow, & a short wait in line in the sun was more than worth it!

You should absolutely try it and don't forget to tip the cook (aka the show)!
Come for the Hot Dog, stay for the show. I am ashamed that it took me two years to find this gem. Don't make my mistake.
Best chili I've had from a vender. Have to get there when he opens or you'll stand in line for a bit. I can lookout my office window and check when I need to go. This is a must try.
There's a reason the locals in uptown Charlotte are willing to wait in line at a hot dog cart for 30 minutes during their lunch hour - Vic the Chili man's hot dog creations are the best you will ever have. You'll not only love the food, but you'll also love the lively banter as Vic makes the wait in line an entertaining experience with his stories.  Must try if you find yourself in Charlotte.
Oh. My. Lanta. 

Vic the Chili Man isn't just a food cart ... it's an EXPERIENCE. You cannot escape without having a hilarious conversation with Vic. How else is he supposed to entertain himself day-in & day-out at the stand if not by interacting with his favorite people, his customers?

The life changer is obviously a must, as it's what he's really known for. I got it with the apple pie BBQ in lieu of his spicy mustard and WOWZA it was bangin'. The next best (IMO) is the Frito Dog. He also does weekly 'Dogs of the week' which are always on point. Pretty much, it's impossible to order anything here and not like it. He's ALWAYS got a line, so make sure to leave yourself some extra time to accommodate for this ... you won't regret it!
This is my 200th review! I have been scouting the Chili Man out since I kept seeing such amazing reviews on Yelp! I agree with Nikki W, it's strange that a Yelp Elite is bestowing 5 stars on a hot dog vendor. Well you better believe it! 

First off, he is a super nice and friendly guy! He knows his regulars and jokes with them. He engages the new customers. Word has it, that Cam Newton eats there at least once a week. I thought Cam was a pescatarian but if anything is going to make him turn to the dark side of beef, it would be the Chili Man's hot dogs. 

Every week, he has specials and they are interesting takes on a ballpark snack. His regular menu is amazing itself. Next time I go, I am trying the Vinegar dog which is dill pickles, saurkraut, jalepenos, and mustard for toppings. The chili dog is also amazing and I could eat about ten of them. If you are reading this, try it out! Its worth your wile!
This is an amazing food cart on the corner of 4th and Tryon -- today it was right near Chima -- I got there before 11 and there's already a line. A good sign of an amazing food cart is the crowd it attracts. This is a place where you'll see all the people of Uptown; businesspeople that work in the local companies but also construction workers, parking enforcement, and even tourists on Segways will stop by and talk to Vic if not order a dog from him. There was a guy today that had a box just so that he could carry hot dogs back to his office.

Vic is a friendly guy with a very good sense of humor and will talk with you as you're waiting in line for your hot dogs. These aren't just plain jane hot dogs (although if you want, you can get that) but amazing gourmet quality hotdogs at a plain jane price. I mean, where else can you get 3 loaded hotdogs for $9.75 for lunch in Uptown? Today's special was a peanut butter and homemade bacon jam hot dog and I don't think I'll get anything like that ever again anywhere else. Who would've thought that those two things go together? I mean, this is probably sacrilege to say but I thought that bacon jam was better than the one I had at the Ashbury. Plus that chili was amazing on the other dogs that I had (backslide and the life changer) and I wouldn't mind having just a cup or a bowl of that chili on its own. I will definitely be back later!
Yelp's highest rated hot dog, and rightfully so. He has a number of staples (vinegar bomb, nacho dog, etc...) that constantly keep the line long, but I equally enjoy his specialty dogs that change on a weekly basis. They are super creative, fun, and always delicious. Some of my past favorites have included the "Banh Mi dog" and a "bacon jam dog."
I have been visiting Vic the Chili Man and his cart for many years. His 'dogs are by far the best anywhere and his home made chili and sauces are amazing! His ability to combine so many amazing flavors and textures on top of a tasty grilled hot dog and toasted bun is what makes his food so incredibly delicious. I have tried other hot dog stands in and around town, but none of them even compares to the quality and taste of the Chili Man. 

Vic is extremely outgoing and friendly - kind of like lunch and a show - he is quick witted and quite entertaining! Even though the line can be pretty long during peak times, it has always been well worth the wait.
After reading the reviews for Chili Man, I knew I had to make it a stop while in Charlotte for the weekend. I ordered two dogs, the Frito Pie and the Life Changer. The man who runs this stand is incredibly friendly and seems to want to create an experience for his guests and not just push them through as I've experienced at other stands. If you are in line at a hot dog stand for 15+ minutes and people are not getting out of line there is a reason for that. 

He quickly worked on my order as we chatted about Yelp and local restaurants. Food was bagged up I grabbed my soda and found a nearby bench.

As I opened my mouthwatering deliciousness that sat before me, I couldn't wait to try it. I started with the Frito Pie. Simply amazing!! Followed by The Life Changer, and I do think I saved the best for last. The life changer is a perfect combo on flavors that just work perfectly together. 

If I have time on this trip I'll definitely be back for more!!
Went for the first time today and I was not disappointed. I had the vinegar bomb and mar-matt-Lon and both were delicious. Can't wait to go back.
Alright, seriously! I'm from NY. Land of the famous "dirty water dog" and didn't think anything could match up to that. Well, I was wrong. The dogs were amazing and Chili man definitely lived up to his name. Wow.
I'm not sure what is new that I can add that hasn't already been said. Vic's street-side hot dog show is one to see (and taste) to believe. While walking down Tryon I saw the line already forming at 11 and knew exactly what was going on. Even though you may have to wait a bit, Vic provides an experience that is worth the wait. On this particular day he was spinning stories about winning big at high stakes bingo on a recent Disney cruise he took with his family (not a huge surprise considering his mickey mouse T-shirt that matched his tattoos), but talking with others around me this is the kind of light hearted funny banter you can expect from Vic. Then there are the hot dogs. His names are none other than creative, and I ended up ordering three hot dogs since I'm never in uptown at this time. The Frito Dog I ordered was definitely my favorite followed closely by his hot dog of the day with bacon and mac-n-cheese. The fact he grills his dogs and buns and has some amazing home sauces creates a unique flavor. In the midst of the Charlotte gourmet hot dog movement, Vic is certainly worth a visit.
Im all about Chili Man!! He is so personable and fun to talk to :). I get the soy veggie hot dog, so far Ive tried that one with plain ketchup & mustard, and the Frito Pie one. Super tasty and worth the long wait!
Glad to see you back! Still the best hit dog in Charlotte. Arrive early and expect to wait 15-20 mins but well worth it. Try his unique sauces for a twist in the traditional Chilli dog. He also has a vegan dog if that's what you prefer. Everyone has their favorite so I will not offer suggestions. I would recommend that you go off menu
Vic's dogs where one of the biggest things I missed when I stopped working uptown. Need to make a trip sometime soon.
Yes, Vic's stand really is as good as all the reviews rave about.

First time here, I ordered the life changer... I don't know what kind of wizardry Vic does, but I didn't know hot dogs could taste so good. 

For anyone working in uptown, do yourself and go here for lunch. I've had too many disappointing meals costing me at least $13 each time. You'll spend half that here, treat your taste buds, and you're guaranteed to get some interesting convos with Vic!
I'm not much of a hotdog eater but HOLY SMOKES this dude can fix the ultimately delicious hotdog. There may be a little bit of a wait but trust me it's totally worth it. Also the attitude, and hospitality of The Chili Man is like no other. If your in uptown definitely give Vic a try!
Best hot dogs and conversation in Charlotte! Veggie dog and chili are both really good & the vinegar style (I know sounds iffy) is delicious.
Vic serves up the best chili dogs in Charlotte - with plenty of stories to entertain you while you wait.  Look for the line of people on N. Tryon St. around lunch time spring to fall.  Vic toasts the buns, grills the cheese, and serves 100% beef Khans dogs with vegetarian options, too.  You'll laugh, enjoy a delicious chili dog, and get a souvenir on your shirt to remind you to come back again.
Let's just say that Chili Man IS The Man!  The guy takes the time to make his own ketchup and spicy mustard so that should tell you something right there.  The dogs he serves are seared to perfection on his carts flat top and my goodness, he's not called Chili Man for nothing.  This is some darn good chili he puts on the dogs.  

As others have noted, if he weren't Chili Man, he would be Chatty Man because the dude has never met a stranger and you are guaranteed some lively conversation as he works on your food.  An A+ street food vendor and his work is much appreciated.
FANTASTIC hot dogs!!! Thee Best hot dogs in Charlotte.  Life Changer and Frito Pie can't be beat.  I would recommend it to anyone and everyone who wants something special in Charlotte.  Then once you're hooked on the hot dogs,  He has a line of sauces.  CRAZY GOOD!!!  they can be served on the rocks or straight up.  I'm drooling right now thinking about it and I already had his hot dogs twice this week...its Wednesday and he doesn't work on Monday.  :)  go see this guy!!
For the last couple of weeks my coworkers have appeared with hot dogs for lunch.
They smelled and looked pretty good so today I decided to screw the salad and tag along.

Vic met our crew with a smile and joke while we talked through the options for hot dogs. When I go to places like this I usually follow the pack and order what ever the Chef recommends. Growing up in Chicago I have had my share of hot dogs so I was interested on his take of the subject now that I am down here in the south.

The crew decided I needed 4 hot dogs a couple "Life Changers" and "Heroin".
I only got 2, one of each. (I should of got 4)The combination of flavors on the hot dogs were well thought out. The jalapenos actually had a flavor crunch to them. (Most places just throw toppings on). It was obvious to me that a far amount of pre-prep was done before he appears.

To see if Vic is around make sure you check out his twitter feed on 
http://www.twitter.com/VicTheChiliman 

I will be stopping by again....to heck with eating a salad...
What can I say that hasn't already been said? Both my dog and my son's were delicious. 

This dude's hotdogs are incredibly amazing! Kudos to the home-made condiments.
Best dog around and it comes with free entertainment! Vic makes the time pass if you get stuck in a line, but I try to go early. Love the homemade condiments and tend to like my dog kind of basic: mustard, onion & relish, but then I break down and ask for the homemade chili. I can't resist. Try it and you will be hooked!
It has been a few years & I MUST HAVE another dog from Vic!  Where are you hanging out these days?  I'm coming uptown just to find you.
Best dog in the world! Vic is amazing and entertaining as well. If you havent tried one of his special dogs like last weeks wing dog you are missing out.
Omg Vic and his dogs are awesome sauce and then some! My boyfriend has been raving about the Chili Man and his stand for months now. I was finally able to have him come down during his lunch break for some of these amazing hot dogs. 

The Chili Man hot dog stand is parked right in front of Chima's steakhouse Tuesday-Friday from 11a-2p. There will be a line, but don't let it deter you. Not only are the dogs delicious but Vic is friendly and funny. Despite the fact that you'll be waddling away after chowin down and may need a food coma nap afterwards, the Chili Man experience is worth it. JUST DO IT, as I will tell you in the next paragraph, even vegans don't have an excuse. 

What really had me sold was Vic now has vegetarian friendly tofu dogs! Seriously most thoughtful hot dog vendor EVER! I walked over with my bf just expecting him to fulfill his craving, I wasn't going to get anything since the last uploaded menu on yelp only consisted of red meat hot dogs. But to my surprise I was able to have one too, I was so happy! AND the Chili Man even offers VEGAN Chili Wednesdays complete with vegan hot dogs and TVP chili. So rad. 

Ok I'll stop raving now.. Lol so my boyfriend had the life changer and I had a vegetarian friendly life changer with a tofu dog and minus the chili. We didn't talk to each other while eating, hell, I don't even think we took a breath. That's how good the Chili Man dogs are. All in all, the Chili Man is THE man and his dogs are righteous. Goes without saying he will be seeing me every week..which brings me to my next quest...I need to find a good gym. 

Cheers!
I LOVE these hotdogs! Super inexpensive, and super satisfying! What more could you want?
The lunch, the personality, the stories! You can never go wrong when you get food and a show and Vic provides both of them. The food is good no matter which selection you go with and in the time it took him to make my wife's Life Changer I heard three stories that made me want to pull up a seat and hear some more.
The chili man is an awesome guy with an exceptional talent for making hot dogs. Simple but amazing. Talk to him about skating or his competitions with local chefs. He always has a great story and may even let you try his Cincinnati chili that he hasn't come out with yet! Some of the best hot dogs I've ever had!
You would think that Vic would just rest on his laurels and accept that he's found the perfect combinations of dogs. Don't change things up, just keep it normal, right?

To heck with that. I got news for you: Chili Man wasn't just hibernating over the Winter. When Vic wasn't working on his SHRED fundraiser, helping families with extraordinary medical needs, he was in the trenches of the kitchen coming up with borderline-insane menu concoctions.

Just how many slam dunk combinations can you put on a Hot Dog? Take my advice, don't get him started!

The Mac & Cheese & Chili & Bacon dog is a fine example. It's a huge fan favorite and only comes up as a special a few weeks in the season. How could you possibly add anything to this without it getting lost in the other flavors? How about looking at texture first, then backing that up with supreme taste: Parmesan and Garlic flavored Panko bread Crumbs to top it off. Do I have your attention now?

Last week he was going Canadian with this awesome Beer Cheese and Potato Stix on top. The week before that was a "No Snail Escargot Dog" that had button mushrooms to die for. I've got a feeling that we haven't seen the end of these international flashes of brilliance.

The flowers are blooming, the last frost of the winter is (hopefully) behind us, and that crazy, 'almost family friendly' guy on Tryon St is still at it. If you had a hot dog for lunch and it wasn't from Chili Man's cart, then I'm sorry, it was a boring dog compared to this.

Keep on keepin' on.
I discovered Chili man 2 years ago from some of my colleagues and it has turned into my go-to for lunch 1-2x a week since. Besides the amazing wieners with combinations of toppings galore, Chili man provides a much needed break from the grind of the day. Sometimes the line can take 30-40min at peak times but you will be entertained by Vic the entire time with his color commentary. Follow him on facebook to keep up with the special creations he comes up with on a weekly basis.
 Oh did I mention it's the best hotdog in town, period!
I had my first ever hotdog here (Yep..new to the US..they dont have decent hotdogs back in India) and omg it was so delicious..I tried the Life Changer and Turkey Bacon Ranch Hotdog and both were equally good.Especially loved the Chili, you can tell all the ingredients were fresh.Vic is funny,so you dont get bored even if there was a queue. :)  Definitely recommended.
You know that quote "Children are the orgasm of life"? 

WELL IT'S WRONG.

Vic's hotdogs are THE orgasm of life. They take your tastebuds and your tummy to the most fulfilling places. There's no other way to describe it. Your tastebuds will climax. The wait in line is the foreplay and the contact with your salivating tongue the climax. 

And you'll want to do it again and again. 
TRUST ME--You won't mind the cleanup afterwards ;.p.
Today is a sad day for me. This is the last time I will be getting a Chili Man hotdog.

No Vic is not going away, but I am moving down to Atlanta so the 3 1/2 hour ride it too much of a stretch to get his wonderful lunch time treats.

Vic has got the Chili dog down to an art form. 
Are you having a bad day at work? Go find Vic and get a hotdog. I have enjoyed the 10 minute break of food heaven for the time I've been in Charlotte.

It all started when the work crew came back from his cart carry his dogs. And ohhh man did they smell good.  After a little bit of hunting around on Tryon I found him, "and the well deserved line".

If you don't get there when he opens up, there will be a line. Vic does his best to tweet/Facebook out when he will be around, but it's best if you go for a walk and look for his huge green patio umbrella.

And yes......

It's That Good
I've been stopping by Chili Man's stand for almost five years and I'm never disappointed. Great dogs, great toppings (A+ spicy mustard), reasonable prices, and entertaining conversation. Vegetarians may have to put up with a few wisecracks but the veggie dogs are delicious too. 

If you need an event catered I highly recommend as well. Chicken salad is phenomenal. Seriously.
Vic, aka "the Chili Man" has been serving hot dogs out of a mobile hot dog stand for almost 3 years now. While we've seen a lot of mobile vendors appearing downtown in that time, none of them come close to the Chili Man in terms of quality or taste.

He's not called "the Chili Man" for nothing. His homemade chili is award-winning stuff, garnering prizes at multiple local and state chili cook-offs. It's so good you could eat it by the gallon. (And if you let him know in advance, he'll sell you a gallon so you can give it a try.)

Vic toasts his buns, uses high-quality dogs, and also makes his own spicy mustard. He has all the toppings you could want, including slaw, cheese, and kraut. He even makes a great chicken salad that you can get on a croissant. (Not available every day.)

On top of all that, he's got a great personality and is a blast to talk to while he's making your dogs. He's only there from 11-3pm on Wednesdays and Fridays, so you need to plan ahead.

I'm going to go out on a limb here and proclaim this the best dog in Charlotte. Seriously.
Best hotdog I've ever had! Definitely worth the wait. So much great flavor and unique dogs!! Highly recommended! 

Just hope he opens more often and not just in uptown! SouthEnd is a great spot as well
If you want to feel like a valued customer go here. If you want awesome hot dogs go here. If you want entertaining during your lunch time go here. Literally everyone that walked by was like "hey Vic" or "what's up chili man!" It was quite entertaining. 
I got the life changer and my husband got the backside destroyer (hopefully it doesn't live up to its name...for my sake). After we devoured our hot dogs in less than a minute we went back and got the special which was a Greek dog. Sooooo good! Go here!!!!!!!
Best hot dog in Charlotte and we basically have eaten all the hot dogs.
Simply the best.  Vic is "Top Dog" for street food and restaurants in general.  Such creativity for a hot dog is hard to find and the long lines prove it.  Well worth the wait.
These are the best hotdogs I have had. Always a fresh twist on things, had the Bhan you Bhan Mi today it was awesome. Yes there is a line, because it is worth waiting for. But the wait is always entertaining.
I'm not entirely sure what was on my hot dog.  And after eating it, I'm okay with that.  Vic knows his stuff.
A hot dog street vendor with over 100 5 star reviews?? It's got to be a mistake right? Let's find out.

Parked my car and headed over to uptown Walgreens and I walk past a hot dog stand with a line half a city block long. The guy tending the cart definitely has the gift of gab, he's carrying on a conversation with the front of the line, the back of the line, the guy across the street, etc etc. I was intrigued so after I was finished at Walgreens I got into the (now shorter) line and waited. The man is very entertaining, maybe a little off his rocker, but family friendly and keeps the line moving. I got my 2 dogs (I went very plain, bbq sauce, onions, and cheese) and was blown away. How you can possibly turn hot dogs into an artform is beyond me. The condiments are homemade and and toppings are fresh and bold. Vic moves like he could run his cart blindfold with an arm tied behind his back (he may even do it if you challenge him!).

I can't wait to go back again and get one of his speciality dogs, he has rotating specials as well, keeps it from getting boring. You the man, Vic!
He said I'd be dreaming about his dogs later. I ate 2 and wanted 5 more. This dude is legit.
Hands down the best hot dogs and hot dog purchasing experience I've ever had.
Vic's charisma and passion for what he does is instantly apparent and much appreciated.
The Man, The Meat, The Legend.
Vic is the best! He always has crazy and delicious specials, but my standard go to is the Frito Pie- so good! The perfect Friday lunch for under $10. Can't beat it! The line can get long, but Vic always has entertaining stories and the dogs are worth the wait.
Vic the chili man is worth every one of his five stars!if I could give him five more I would.
Heard about the Chili man through online food reviews. I decided I would try to find the man, the myth, the legend in Uptown. I got my car and began my quest to find they one called Vic. As soon as I saw the strange, ponytailed man, I parked my car and headed for the massive line. The line felt like forever, but once I got to the front, ordered the Life Changer, and took a bite, I knew it was all worth it. Pure ecstasy filled my mouth. The name of the dog, much to my surprise, is such a huge understatement. The most delicious hot dog I think I will ever have. I Definitely recommend the experience to anyone with taste buds. Vic, if you're reading this, you have made a new fan.
Best hot dog place in Charlotte! It's a great deal and he has many speciality combinations on the menu or you can pick whatever you want on your dogs. I go with chili, cheese, and jalapenos. He's not there every day so you have to look for him.
So amazing!!! Love the hot dogs and personality serving them up. The nacho cheese special with potatoe chip topping was delicious!! Never been disappointed by Vic since I had the first dog almost 6 years ago!! So worth the wait in line!
Lets be clear, Vic the Chili Man might have one of the best hot dogs in all of Charlotte, if not the world. 

I heard about this guy for year's (and everything about him and his food exceeds the hype), but haven't been in uptown around lunchtime for years...until today. 

The line was short but only because it was 1pm (expect a wait). Vic was hilariously entertaining, personable and passionate. 

He recommended two hotdogs as a first timer:

1. Nacho Dog - The dog that started the revolution! Grilled cheddar cheese, chili taco juice. 1/2 dog, 1/2 taco, 1/2 nachos. 150% awesome

2. Chili Man's Choice - all beef dog with reaper madness mustard, cheddar cheese and chili 

His choices are vast and I will certainly be back soon!
Ahhh, Spring is coming. it's getting warmer outside and I NEED A CHILI DOG!!

Seriously, This is the best chili dogs you will ever have. I dare you to find better. (It's not possible so don't waist your time trying).

All my previous reviews still stand for Vic and his love of the chili dog.

Why are you still reading this... Get up, Get out and get one. 

Though you will be probably standing behind me.
These are the best hot dogs I've ever tasted. I try to go every Wednesday. Where else can you go to get some good street meat and be properly insulted by the cook? Truly the best hot dogs in America.
Vic is the man. Had him cater a party at my house a few years ago. Best decision I ever made. The meatloaf sandwiches and hot dogs were a big hit. If you're uptown when he is working be sure to stop bu
First off Vic is the damn man and he makes the best hotdogs in Charlotte. He always has something funny to say while waiting in line. Don't let the line scare you cause these dogs are certainly worth the wait and you will have to wait so show up earlier vs. later and don't go if you're in a hurry that day. The Frito Pie dog is my favorite on the menu followed by the Life Changer so at the minimum order those two. Bring your appetite and order the daily special as your third. He's always whippin up something super creative that will surely have you coming back. I'm off to get in line for another dog.
I don't always eat hot dogs but when I do they are out of a street cart, and you get a side of humor thrown into the mix with Vic the Chili Man!  

This was my first trek and my only "negative" is that it took a little bit to get our food (and in his defense, it was his first day open for the season) but when something is good - others find out about it and it's typically worth the wait!  I wasn't disappointed!  Got two dogs and a bottle of water for $7.  I got the Heroin and the Life Changer.  Typically I can't comment on Heroin but I can tell you this hot dog is quite addicting, and that the Life Changer, was in fact life changing!  I was advised in line to not look like a rookie and go with the "named dogs", btw.

Look forward to getting back and enjoying this experience again!
Great experience. When in Charlotte make this one of your tourist destinations or try him for lunch if you happen to be uptown working.
It is very telling that as of the time I am typing this review, every single review I see is a 5-star review.  This is the best hotdog in Charlotte, along with a side of personality and flare.  Vic used to come to the law school for lunches and now I seek his cart out when I need my hotdog fix.  Definitely give his cart a shot.  If there's a wait, make sure you stick around because it is worth it.
BEST hotdogs in Charlotte! A true MUST HAVE for anyone living or visiting Charlotte
Vic has the best dogs in the world and most creative chili recipes. Today was the "Free to Brie y I u and me l" dog. Double cream brie cheese, granny smith apple slaw and BBQ sauce. Who does that? Vic!
The Naco Dog is SO GOOD. Definitely the best hot dog I've ever had! It had grilled cheese, chili, and taco sauce all on a hot dog. I also added mustard on top (unlimited toppings!) and it was perfect.

The guy is hilarious and makes the experience even better. He has an assortment of toppings and hot dog/brat combinations. On top of that it's SO CHEAP! We got 3 hot dogs combos (drink and chips) and it was only $15.

I highly recommend giving Chili Man's a visit. Heads up - a long line forms pretty quickly so get there early!
Had the pleasure of trying the Chili Man with some fun friends the other day.  There was a line, but well worth the wait since Vic definitely entertains you while waiting.  There is also the problem of deciding what you want since the menu is so delicious and you can't really go wrong with any choice - even build your own.

I had the Naco and the Heroin.... both of them were gone in 60 seconds.  Since Vic is a one man show, you can see how much love and personality he puts into all his hot dogs... which is unique when you think of a "hot dog cart" on the street.  Definitely a great staple to add to your Uptown Charlotte experience.  

Even after my dogs were secured in my belly, I was watching Vic interact with the customers and everyone definitely walks away with a smile and one hell of a chili dog.  There is a lot to be said in putting pride into your work and it definitely pays of for the Chili Man.  I've never seen a hot dog vendor chop a fresh onion (most are pre-prepared or soaking in liquid for who knows how long), but that's just one of the man details that this man puts into his creations.
This guy is amazing and the food never disappoints! Come early though, cuz everyone else knows it too and the line can get pretty long! Definitely leaves the taste buds dancing!
Chili man slings the best hot dogs I've ever had. No question about it. If you haven't tried them, you need to.
Absolutely splendid! I almost regret getting the perfectly cooked regular bratwurst, not because there was anything wrong with it, but because it was outshined by the incredible NACO DOG! Taco + Chili DOG? Yes please. The flavors blend into easily the best hot dog I've ever had.
The chili man was great! He catered a private party and all of the chili dogs were a huge hit! He's a great guy and the food is AMAZING.  Try it out, you won't regret it.
Amazing dogs amazing service !!! Best dogs on the planet !!!! Flavors are spot on and the toppings are great !!! Couldn't be happier with the service !!!
I was hesitant to try The Chili Man's Choice because the mustard on it is "The Carolina Reaper Madness". To me that sounded like something out of an episode of fear factor, but between Vic's charm and a friend of mine who is a regular, I folded. I'm a sucker for mustard. Oh man! This mustard has just enough of the pepper to put a spring in your step. The magical chili mingled with that and the perfectly cooked hotdog and the toasted bun had me hooked and wanting to get back in line for a second one, only I had a Mac & Cheese Chili dog waiting for me.

I have a weakness for mustard but nothing compares to my compulsion for ordering Mac and Cheese. OH MAN! I was not disappointed.
This Chili guy must be some kind of wizard. He ruined all other dogs for me with just those two. I can't wait until he's back in the spring for me to try more.
I went uptown and had the honor of trying out these amazing hot dogs that I'd heard so much about. Let me tell you, the hype is definitely right about this unassuming location. When I got there, there were about 5 people in line despite the heat- and the owner told us that the line was on the shorter side today. The menu is so cheap and affordable- we got 3 hot dogs (not plain but three of the names ones like frito pie, classic southern, etc) and 2 drinks and it all came down to about $11. Considering the fact that bottled drinks are $2.50 and canned drinks are $1, each LOADED hot dog was about $2 and some cents. It was super good and the owner was super friendly! Definitely recommend.
Vic's hot dogs are damn good. I've never had hotdog chili this good from a cart or anywhere else. (It has beans, like his sign.) It's not that canned pre-made crap you find at other run of the mill hotdog carts or dairy queens. This is why he is indeed the Chili Man. 

I've been all up and down the East coast. I've been to the Varsity in Atlanta, GA, and up to the Happy Dog in Cleveland, OH, and many other hotdog places on this side of the states and I have to say Vic the Chili Man has them all beat.

The Chili Man's Choice has the perfect amount of heat. (With its cheese, reaper mustard, and the chili comboing beautifully on a perfectly cooked hotdog.) If it's your first time, and you like a little spice without stifling the flavor, get this dog.
What more can be said about this dude cooking hot dogs on the side of the street? I looked up Chili Man after reading about him in Money Magazine as the NUMBER ONE hot dog in America. Naturally, I had to check it being in Charlotte. 

We got near the hotdog cart and my girlfriend goes "wonder what this lines for?" Yup. We had arrived. We scoured the daily menu for about 40 minutes while we stood in line. 

As you get closer you can start to hear the conversations he was having with the conversations. This dude sounds like he has done it all and seen it all. He was personalizing every conversation based on a question he would ask or a comment a customer would make. That's something that missing from a lot of small transactions. Very much appreciated. 

The hot dogs were of course delicious. I got the life changer + relish and it delivered 100%. It had some heat with the jalapeños and his taco sauce, and some sweetness with the onions and relish. That with the grilled cheese and toasted bun? Perfect. 

I came because of the article but I'll go back because of the quality dog and quality guy. Can't wait!
I love him last year when he will come around . He is never there for long and sometimes you will not see him for day ... But when he comes around oh man .... His hotdogs are so good and if you don't eat pork he has all beef hotdog. The chilli is homemade by him and you can't taste it .. You not only limited to slaw , he has so much toppings. I hope to see him this summer .
Less a "street food vendor" and more a once-in-a-generation avant-garde artist who has chosen the humble hot dog as his medium of expression. The sauces, the flavors, and yes the chili are all joyful discoveries. I'm not trying to be funny here; Chili Man is the best hot dog in Charlotte and, as far as I'm concerned, the world.

Wait an hour if you must-- Vic is a funny character who'll make your wait well worth it. Not to be missed.
Everyone has already said all there is to be said. Fantastic!!  Frito Pie Dog was the bomb and the egg roll dog was great as well. What a great guy and great food.
You don't understand how happy I am to have FINALLY tried this guy. I have been waiting for years, but with work, it was not easy to get to him. I went on a Thursday around noon and it was not yet busy (thank goodness, because I heard the line gets crazy).

I ordered the Frito pie dog and built one myself. He also has meal deals, chips, and various drinks to pick from. I was drooling with excitement with the thought of the Frito pie dog. I couldn't wait to dig in! It was everything I hoped and dreamed of. It was amazing. 

This guy is awesome. I would go everyday if I worked closer. I look forward to trying some different dogs sooner rather than later.
Really helpful and knowledgeable staff. Convenient location near the shooting range.  I appreciated their help and advice.
This is a pretty good shop, with a decent selection of guns, ammo, and other supplies.  They have a HUGE selection of scopes from an "off" brand that seems to make decent gear at a great price.  There's a training room and they hold regular classes.  The staff has always been exceptionally friendly and helpful.  Prices on guns are very good.  Ammo cost is about typical for retail stores.  The shop is roomy and laid out so it doesn't feel crowded or messy.
Stopped in yesterday looking for another pistol and they have a good selection of older pistols (my preference) and a wide variety of ammo of different calibers. Looking for a specialty caliber, they'll have it. They are friendly and knowledgable. 

Will gladly return.
Definitely under new management, and the dining area has been totally redone. Big, comfy chairs, dangling bistro lighting, it's somewhat comfier.

The menu has changed quite a bit - this learns more towards Turkish than anything else, and has some interesting options for you meaters. Veg fare hasn't budged, and neither have the prices, but the quality and portion size have improved some. Falafel now comes with a smidge of hummus on the side, which is a nice touch.

Everyone that waited on me was very tall, female, and beautiful, in that awesome Mediterranean way, so there's that.
I will also agree that this place has great food.  However, I've been warned by regulars that the owner will often try to charge you for something extra while you aren't paying attention.  If you think your bill is a dollar or two high, it just might be.
Pretty decent middle eastern fare. The shelves were mostly empty when I went there, but they had some take home items available like tahini, fozen pita and baba ganoush. Your choice of wraps or plates; fresh ingredients tasty and authentic. Big minus is the locale.


There was, of course, the usual loud arabic banter going on between staff (typical of the culture, bound to freak out the local southern belles)

heh heh.
I recently spent my second day in as many years at Spa Lamar, but this time for extended services.  All tolled, I was there for 6 hours: from an early yoga session masterfully led by Lisa Valle, who wove mind/body/spirit into the one hour and 15 minute practice, to a chocolate-peppermint body scrub, then an added-on facial (as I was happy to remain in the company and expert hands of Natalie, the asethetician), to lunch and the finaly service of the day - a pedicure that included extensive defolliation and leg/foot massage. 

The staff members I encountered were all professional and extremely courteous.  I felt welcome and pampered.  The services were simultaneously relaxing and invigorating.  Peaceful. 

The facility is conveniently located on Scottsdale Rd. with ample parking by the entrance, which is behind the main thoroughfare making for easy access.  However, the interior looks ready for an rejuvination of its own - the painting and furnishings are dated, the towels worn and frayed.  Same for the small poolside area.  

There are many selections one can chose for lunch upon checking in. My choice was a salad, which was set out for me in the main dining/lounging area after my tacked-on  facial request (I do have to commend the staff for being so accommodating) and was sent in a plastic container from a local, well-established take-out deli.  The fresh-baked cookie dessert was served to me warm on a plate during my pedicure, making for a nice touch to the otherwise standard fare. 

Living in Scottsdale, I've had the pleasure and opportunity to sample many of the amazing spas in the local resorts.  The ambiance at such establishments certainly out-shines that of the Spa Lamar, but in terms of services provided I would definitely say they're on par, at a cost that is somewhat less than the finer establishments.
This spa is great, especially for a person who is not looking to spend a fortune on one day. The employees are very down-to-earth and understanding of a limited budget. Plus, they have specials/deals to choose from, which is nice. It is clean and decorated nicely. My massage and facial were some of the best I've ever gotten. 

I'm giving this spa four stars because their pool is a little small and they do not have food (besides some fruit) on site. But I'd definitely come back here in a heartbeat!
OMGOSH, I treated my best friend to a girls day a Spa Lamar back in August. We enjoyed a massage, facial and mani. The spa and facial were pure bliss. The mani...well lets just say the manicurist did NOT remove all of the gel from my fingernails before giving me my mani. HUH? That did not make since to me and it ruined the look of the nails but I was on such a high from my massage and facial that I didn't notice till after. I was just having fun talking to my bestie while she went to work. She had to have noticed the existing polish and I told her it was gel. The place is beautiful and relaxing. It was a little warm in the waiting area. Too warm. I will definitely go again. Would have been 5 stars if the manicurist would have done a decent job.
I love this location. The only thing that I wish is that they used better lunch services and keep it consistant.
A close friend and I decided to stop here while vacationing at the JW Marriott Camelback Inn Resort and Spa. While the Marriott has its own on-site spa facilities, they are quite expensive. This was a good alternative. The price was reasonable, and the venue, with the exception of a woman receiving a pedicure in a neighboring room, was ours alone to enjoy. The saunas and pool were small but functional, and the relaxation room was tastefully appointed and included beverages and fruit. Toward the end of my stay, I enjoyed a wonderful hot stone massage. The cost of accessing the relaxation areas of the spa are included in the cost of most massages. I would recommend that you research to ensure that you qualify and to take full advantage of any temporary specials.
This place is a little old school..aka out dated. The pool was on the ghetto side. I wanted to lay out after my massage but no lay down lounge chairs were available nor could fit in the 3 foot perimeter surrounding the pool. I gave it 4 stars because the yoga class and massage were one of the best I've ever had. Services A+, actual salon and amenities C-.
I went to Spa Lamar today for the first time and it was awsome!!! I had a hot stone massage and an algae wrap, The Wrap was great and so was Natalie the spa had a very charming feel and staff was super friendly,Clean comfortable and prfessional . I definatly will be returning very soon.
I enjoyed my time at spa Lamar! Had a wonderful massage which was easily one of my best. I also hung out by the pool and took advantage of the steam room. 4 stars because  it was super unclear to me how to order lunch and when I finally found a menu the prices were insane. $20 for a sandwich? Nope.
Excellent day spa!  Lacks the ambiance and feel of the resort spas- could definitely be upgraded with some feel/decor touches.  But... very good massages!  They also allow you to bring your own food and wine to enjoy if you'd like to.
Nice little spa with reasonable prices. The food was tasty the atmosphere comfortable and the services good. My best friend and I spent the day there a couple of years ago and enjoyed ourselves. I am an aesthetician so am a bit fussy about spas, this was a nice experience for me.
I did go back and they were very nice and made up for the other massage that was not so good. Excellent massage..I will return..now.
They are priced...so so.
Went here for a couples massage.  The staff is extremely nice and both massage therapists did an excellent job meeting our massage expectations.  They have nice facilities - a sauna, steam room, heated pool, and hot tub.  However, I would say the vibe needs to be modernized a bit.  I know design style is somewhat up to personal preference, but it didn't have a young hip vibe.  Overall,  a very relaxing experience though...
This is a bit of a different setting, but competitive pricing to go along with my cucumber water, VERY thorough pedicure, and good massage offset the decor. The staff is friendly and professional and I don't think I've ever had a better pedi.
I have visited so many up-scale massage places (from LA, Vegas, Hawaii, Colorado), and I think they can come up to my top 3. The rooms are super cute and spacey. The receptionist was very nice.  I love that they have a mist and a sauna room as well as a swimming pool and a jaccuzzi.  It is pricey, but not as much as how much a typical Vegas spa would charge. My massage therapist was great too. The reason for 4 star, not 5 is because I hit my thumb nail and cracked it pretty bad as I was trying to open the mist room. The door was so hard to open and my thumb nail still hurts. Other than that, I was very pleased with the service I received.
Having never been to a spa before I didn't know what to expect coming into Spa Lamar especially since the prices were so much more reasonable than any other spa in Scottsdale.

We arrived early and were given a tour of the place and then shown our lockers and changing rooms and given robes and sandals and taken to the waiting area where our therapists would call our names.

The atmosphere is very relaxing and they have plenty of water and tea for you to drink as well as some fruit.

My friend and I chose the Mid Day Break package as it was moderately priced and offered the services I was looking for in a spa day.

The massage was very nice. The therapist adjusted the pressure to my liking and helped me feel loose.

Next was the facial, which I've never experienced before but the facialist helped me feel very serene and peaceful. 

And last, my friend and I were able to have our manicures together.

Afterwards we experimented with the sauna and steam room before using the pool and jacuzzi and showering and leaving.

No one ever pressured us to leave and we paid when we felt ready to leave and put the gratuity on our tab.

This is definitely a place where the service exceeds the prices. If you're looking for great services at a great price, come check this place out.
Low key day spa with excellent yoga classes! I haven't used the actual spa, so I can't comment on that.  The overall facility is clean, well staffed, with a relaxing atmosphere.  There is a small assortment of yoga and spa gear in the lobby to shop or kill time while waiting for a class. The yoga classroom is just the right size for a small-medium sized class.  It can get a little crowded for the more popular classes, but it still feels welcoming.  The room is not kept in the usual air conditioned deep freeze (which I appreciate), so your muscles can remain warm and loose.  I don't really enjoy the extreme heat of Bikram, so this is a nice compromise.  I don't know how this will fair during the Phoenician summers, but for now I am enjoying.
Check it out!
I had booked a spa day while out in Scottsdale with a friend of mine.  Unfortunately the young lady who I spoke with over the phone did not put us on the schedule and so when we turned up for our appointment we were told that no nail technician was available, but they could give us the massages and facials we had booked for.  Apparently there had been some change at the front desk.

Anita was my masseuse and she was wonderful;  normally I am not a fan of massages, but really enjoyed my 25 min. massage with her, felt so relaxed afterwards.  My friend had a male masseuse and said he was very good also.  I believe DeeAnn did both of our facials - I had the Euro facial and my friend had the Quench facial.  Our skin felt wonderful afterwards. 

Despite the disappointment of not being to get a mani-pedi, I would recommend Spa Lamar.  The staff were very nice, the spa itself is clean, nicely decorated and very relaxing. We did not use the sauna or steam room, or the pool, but enjoyed sitting in the lounge area and just relaxing.  We did partake of the fruit and juice bar.  If out in Scottsdale again in the future, I would use Spa Lamar again.
I attended the UYE that Gabi organized and boy am I glad that I did! I was coming off of a horrible, stressful Monday in Corporate America. I was greeted by a friendly receptionist and also the owner of the spa, Heidi Lamar. 

It's nice to see someone have a dream and pursue it with passion and excitement. Heidi Lamar is doing just that. The interior of the spa is nice and clean. It has a natural feel with all of the hardwood floors throughout the building. 

I was invited to start ridding myself of stress by doing a paraffin dip on my hands. That was heavenly and I felt my cares melting away slowly. I then was taken on a tour of the entire facility. The place is HUGE and very nice! I went back into the common area and was invited to have a chair massage... ahhhh this evening is getting better and better! After my massage, I had my gnarly brows waxed. It's amazing what a little hair removal can do for your face. I highly recommend getting your brows done here to guys and girls! The aesthetician that did my brows was not only good, but she was educational about my skin and brows. After all that, I sat down to get my makeup touched up. This is where I wasn't as pleased. Bless the guy's heart, the artist had NO clue on what colors to use on my skin. He was SO excited to do my makeup, so I let him just go to town! I looked like a really dark Barbie with really BRIGHT lipstick... can you say radioactive tangerine lips? If you want something done right... do it yourself. Ahh well, my makeup is a mystery to many artists. It wasn't his fault. He tried.

Is it the Phoenician? No. It's an "Everyday Spa" that is comfortable and clean with super friendly and professional staff. I hope to visit Lamar Spa again, to spend the day and be pampered! For now... I'll just dream of my return....while I sit in my Corporate American Cubie....
I was being treated for my birthday to a spa day and my girlfriends took me to Spa Lamar ~ 
I had the pleasure of spending my birthday afternoon getting the Palm and Sole Reflexology treatment and honestly,  I couldn't imagine a better way to celebrate my new age. The therapist performing the Reflexology was an incredible masseuse. My feet felt completely pampered and relaxed. I am on my feet most of the work day and I felt like I had gone to heaven after my treatment. 
The facilities were perfect - I spent about an hour before my treatment lounging around in the spa, spending time in the Desert Island Sauna, Blue Lagoon Steam Room and the Bermuda Whirlpool. All of these amenities were included for free during my day spa visit. I had a very memorable and relaxing experience and will be coming back as well as bring my friends.

~Thanks
true to form, i never plan but we were lucky enough to get reservations at spa lamar on short notice! 

upon entering, it wasn't my typical spa experience. it felt a bit small and cramped. we were promptly and warmly greeted by heidi (owner?). she was extremely nice and took us on a tour of the establishment before leading us to the dressing rooms. we quickly got into our robes and realized that we had a about an hour before our first treatment. we spent the the time by the pool-it was quite small, it made me feel like i was in a backyard pool at a friends house but it was still nice and relaxing. the sitting room was well equipped with lots of cushy chairs and ottomans-perfect to put your feet up and just veg out before a treatment. they have both a hot sauna and a steam room, both being extremely relaxing-with fresh chilled towels waiting for you after a sit. 

i got a swedish massage from rachel and she was personable and nice. she was really in tune with making sure i not only enjoyed the massage but she was able to work out some trouble spots. having another hour before my facial, i spent some more time at the pool. being a seattle girl, i relished in having clear blue skies and blazing sun. the facial was excellent and left my face soft and clean. my only gripe came when i got my manicure, it was my very last treatment of the day. not only did my mani feel rushed but it was poorly executed. the manicurist was unsure of how to clean and properly trim my cuticles and i had to do it myself. pretty disappointing. 

otherwise, it was a good experience and some cute eye candy from the front desk guy and jimmy the masseuse. i will come again and check out their first wed special the next time i'm back in scottsdale.
Great staff! Love that we can bring our own alcohol and food. It's coed so couples are welcome! Not 5 stars because the pool area is incredibly small almost uncomfortable how small because everyone is jammed into one area. Felt a little awkward. Other than that it was a fun relaxing time.
We had an evening flight back to Seattle and decided to treat ourselves to a full day of relaxation at Spa Lamar, and what a treat it was. My bf and I love sauna/steam-rooms but often can't find co-ed ones where we can enjoy them together...so that was a major selling point for us ending up here. 

We arrived and hour earlier than our scheduled massages to heat up using the facilities. The sauna/steam room/hot tub and pool were all cozy, clean, and more than functional (unclear where the bad reviews are coming from). We often visit the Russian spa in Seattle and are fans of the cold plunge which they didn't have, however it had been chilly out so I hopped in the pool as a substitute. :)

We opted for a couples therapeutic massage and were both VERY pleased with our therapists. Pressure was definitely intense enough for both of us, and I actually really liked that they started you on your back first as I'm a big fan on ending face down on the table. I asked for most of the work to focus on my shoulders and forearms, which he did, but didn't neglect my legs and feet which was great! 

Afterward we spent another 3 hours lounging which seemed to completely fly by. We brought snacks and champagne in which was an awesome touch (and excellent money saver) and even received dinner recommendations from the employees.

Such a great experience. If I'm ever back in the neighborhood I would DEFINITELY return.
Long time planned girls weekend with last minute spa services found at Spa Lamar. Jeanie at the front desk helped book us and was nothing short of flawless in in interactions, grace and insights. We only walked a couple blocks to get there and loved the ambiance and joy that exudes from the staff and surroundings. It wasn't the fanciest place but it had all the ammenities and really hit the key things just right. I was mischarged for my service which I just realized as I reviewed my weekend spend and will call to request an adjustment which should go smooth as I'm sure it was just an oversight. Go and enjoy yourself! I will go back and will have more services done.
What's girl to do when she turns 30?  Have a spa day and live it up!   I decided to start my third decade off in style with my favorite things; wine chocolate and the spa.  

I called a few days ahead and booked the relaxation massage along with the spa pedicure.  I also convinced a girlfriend to take the day off with me to relax and unwind.  We arrived and were greeted by smiling faces with menus for us to choose our spa lunch.  We were then given the tour of the large facilities and were on our way to being pampered.  I kept thinking why I had not taken advantage of this place sooner.  I do live in the area and it seems a shame to not frequent this spa.  

The relaxation massage was just what I needed to loosen up after a busy work week.  As soon as I was able to get replenished my lunch arrived; salad, bread, fruit and cookie.  The portion was so surprisingly large that I could not finish it!  Up next; we decided to experience the steam room.  My skin felt about 10 years younger!  I am convinced I need a steam shower in my bathroom.

After lounging around for a few hours we ended the day with pedicures.  The staff is so professional and they use great products.  I can't go to cheap $20 nail salons b/c their crappy lotions give me a rash so it's nice when you can have the entire experience; ambiance, nice products and great price.

I will sure check out the first Wed of the month special!
It's a lovely experience. This reminds me of a spa here in Atlanta. A one stop shop  BUT don't  assume that means the service may be lacking. While there on business I wanted to treat myself to a massage after a long day. I did a quick yelp search and found this gem had an opening..  The price and location was RIGHT!  There was actually a yelp special at the time. I was originally  booked with a guy ( I prefer men because in my experience tend to be stronger ) .  When I arrived I was warmly greeted. Thrilled that it was quiet.. I was given a quick tour. ( yoga and a pool are offered here with your service - yay). The masseuse when I was told would be serving me  was gone.. I didn't  like that.  The booker should know the staff schedule.. Or call me back if a mistake was made.  I did request a man. Anyway, I was given a rob and locker to keep my things secure. I was then led to a relaxing sunroom. My masseuse Marilyn was wonderful. She asked if there were any areas that needed more attention and what type of touch I preferred.  All in all - I was relaxed and slept wonderfully hat night. Marilyn was informative about  home relaxing techniques. She made me feel welcomed and  " well taken care of".  It's been 3 weeks and I am still speaking of the Experience. Though I was leaving the next day. I could not take advantage of the yoga classes, the pool or sauna they offered... But when I'm back in Scottsdale  I WILL BE  scheduling another appointment. Thank you Marilyn.
Today was my first time here. I loved it. It was just like a spa at a resort. I spent the day there. Sat by the pool, had lunch and got a facial. The pool was clean and a perfect temperature. The only thing I would say negativeis that they need more deck space. What is different about this place is that you get to bring your own wine and they serve it to you when you are ready. 
My facial was awsome. The atmosphere was very relaxing and the staff was very friendly. I plan on going back.
When you go to a spa of any sort, you expect professionalism, knowledge of what they're doing, and a relaxing time without (hopefully) breaking the bank.

Case in point: Spa Lamar in Scottsdale. I have been a regular for quite some time and have been slow to review it, but it's definitely worth a visit. I've had my hair cut and styled (they do great "wedding" hair), I've had a facial, mani/pedi, and most often, body waxing.

I always see Ellen for my facials & body waxing.  She does such a great job and I always feel relaxed during, and pretty after! Every staff member there is very friendly and professional, which stems from the fact everyone knows what they're doing. 

I like visiting this place as often as I can, but even if you're not super-rich, Spa Lamar is one of the rare affordable spas in the area. Go in, treat yourself, I don't think you'll be disappointed :)
I spent an afternoon with a girlfriend here, catching up and relaxing.  There was a very relaxing vibe and atmosphere for the most part.  The facility is co-ed and there were men here.  The individual showers and changing rooms are also co-ed.  As we were waiting to be called back for our treatments a man came out after a massage and sat next to us grunting and moaning in delight. Kinda killed the vibe.

The treatment I received was the tropical body scrub. It was an average treatment, I didn't find the products they used to be extraordinary in anyway, but I still enjoyed it.

I love that you can bring in your own alcohol and they will serve it to you. When we walked out of our treatments they had our champagne in an ice bucket and mimosas ready to go. We enjoyed the outdoor spa and pool, and had a wonderful afternoon.

Overall we had a very positive experience and enjoyed our time. Thank you Spa lamar.
I was in town for a girls weekend with my friend. We decided to go here after reading the reviews and the affordable prices.. We went with the yoga/lunch/massage package and were both very pleased. The yoga instructor was not only gorgeous but he was very knowledgeable, worldlyand experienced. The lunch was nothing fancy but it hit the spot for a day at the spa. The massages were great, maybe a little too sensual, but still very enjoyable. The ambience was charming, not like that of 5 star spa but unique and we were made to feel comfortable throughout the day. I would recommend this spa to someone looking for a relaxing experience at an affordable price!
Our group of seven women visited this past weekend as part of our annual high school reunion - it was a great experience. We all had services at the same time - we were mpressed that all of us completely enjoyed our services. Usually at a group spa event at other places, one person is disappointed in their services. We were all thrilled. Check in and check out was great - friendly staff. Clean environment. Fun gift shop. Decor could be updated - but services outweighed everything.
On a weekend treat with one of my gal friends, she made us a reservation for a massage. This was apparently the spa that once herald as the Phoenix Suns Dancers spa. What an advert! Since it was a day spa, we knew we want massages, some time in the steam room, and finish with a dip in the pool. 

I forgot the guy's name that worked on me but he massaged my butt. Whoa. Weird. Other than that, it was a nice long hour of massaging kinks out and it was great. I was offered some much needed water, I must have been drooling, once I was properly tenderized. From there, the rest of the experience was decent.

The steam room was a sweaty time where we just sat in silence and tried not to pass out from the humidity. Us desert rats don't do well with humidity. After a short 10mins in there, we chugged more crisp fresh water, hopped out of our robes, and jumped into the pool. I must admit that it was smaller than what we imagined.  It fulfilled its purpose of cooling us off though so it was perfect. 

It was a pleasurable experience overall and retail therapy at Scottsdale Fashion Square afterward made for a wonderful day! I wouldn't mind popping in again if it was closer or if I were in the area. Support your local small businesses!

Thank you, Yelp Instagram for motivating me to take this out of my bookmarks to finally write a review for it!
Very professional, super relaxing ambiance, personnel polite and helpful, Massus excellent on point during encounter, I completely recommend !!!
We did yoga here for a bachelorette weekend. Lisa, our instructor was wonderful. It was the perfect way to start our day, and was enjoyed by those new to yoga and those that practice regularly. The spa seemed really nice too, wish we'd had time for a massage!
Took my sister for her birthday, enjoyed a yoga class and massage.  Yoga instructor was a sub and was great. She described every pose and was fun too.  Massage was pleasant although the room was chilly.  We ordered lunch which was 45 minutes late, no biggie gave us a chance to enjoy the pool.  Overall it was a pleasant experience, only downside is the front desk staff I would not say they are the friendliest.
1/19/10
Went in for my first salon coloring!  (2009 was the first time I had my hair lightened.)  Parking lot was empty, but it was raining hard, so I wasn't surprised... Besides me, I think there may have been only one other client, back in the coffee/tea room.  Again, not a big deal, since I don't like crowds.  After checking in for my appointment, I was invited to sit down in the waiting area.  I found the wait pleasant- the area was tidy and cozy, and the music peaceful.  If you like to rummage through books and magazines, or look at hair and body products (and whatever else you may find for sale at salons), you won't have to look very hard here!  You'll find something to keep your mind busy, but I like to take the time to de-stress.  The receptionist offered something to drink, which is always nice!

After meeting up w/ my hairstylist/colorist, she showed me where to dress down to my comfort level and put on a robe.  Yes, it wasn't a plush robe, and it made me feel uncomfortable, as it wasn't very flattering, but no one was around to see me, anyway, so I didn't care :)  After finding my way back to my colorist, we discussed about the results I wanted to see and feel, and she then told me what procedures she would take me through and how long each phase would take.  I found her a good listener and felt comfortable that she knew what she was doing.  I'm not much for talking while at salons, and I sensed that she knew this, but when I would speak up and ask her questions, professionally and personally, she was open to talking, as well.   I found this refreshing, bec. I've met quite a few stylists throughout the years that act slighted or mad when I'd rather not talk...
 
The results were fantastic!  My stylist didn't lie- the products she used made my hair very shiny and silky to the touch (some things that were lost due to the color-stripping), and the fact that it took awhile (from a few hours to a few days!) for others to realize that I had colored my hair back to brunette (I had caramel, blonde, and red high- and low- lights) is testimony that the coloring looks natural!  (Actually, the color she gave me is the darkest I've ever had my hair- darker than my natural haircolor.)  Many people did comment on how much weight I've lost, which isn't fact, so I attribute all the compliments to my darker hair :)

Easier to access than Tempe's Moodswings (free parking!) and none of the snobbery one can find at other salons.  Less expensive than comparative salons, too!!  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, comforting and welcoming ambience... Give Spa Lamar a try!

BTW, every first Wednesday of the month, Spa Lamar holds "Live at Lamar," a "happy hour" of sorts, from 6p to 9p there's live music, light apps (nothing fancy, just something from the grocery, I'm told), and perhaps cocktails.  MOST SIGNIFICANTLY, if you bring a friend who's never been to Spa Lamar, services are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE!  That's right, you read correctly!  What are you doing this coming First Wednesday?  Hmm... I'm not sure, but I think something quite special is on the calendar...  Guess I'll catch this Spa Lamar special NEXT month!
My mom and I went back recently and I have to give them kudos for turning up the steam room. It was great this time. Just the right amout of steam!

And the staff is so very friendly. 

It is still not the same as a resort spa, but that is ok so long as that is not what you are expecting.
Went to Spa Lamar for massage. My massage therapist was Aubrey L, she was excellent. Did an incredible job for me. I would highly recommend her.  On the other hand the facility has seen better days.  Dated and very busy with lots of decorations all over, walls table tops.  Clean but older and dated.
The staff is wonderful and very accommodating and friendly. The 85 min. massage is worth the extra $$! All services are very reasonably priced for the Scottsdale area. Jacuzzi was down when we were there but the pool area is very comfortable and relaxing. They were able to take a last minute shampoo and blow-out with a smile. Be sure to check out their jewelry and gifts too. Highly recommended day spa if you are staying in the area!! P.S. Bring your own champagne if desired!!
I have to be honest, I never look forward to getting waxed, but at least when I do, I can enjoy the Lamar while I'm at it.  This place is great, it's exactly what a spa should be: clean, comfortable, and calming.  

All the staff are super friendly and good at what they do...Ellen in particular, I always leave happy and satisfied when I get a wax or facial from her.  

They frequently run specials too, which is nice, you just have to get on their mailing list.  If you're in the scottsdale area, be sure to book an appointment here.
This spa is very nice. It's not a high-end, dim-light, marble stone, over-priced spa. Functionally, it has everything you need (hot tub, small shaded pool, very nice waiting area with different seating areas, with refreshments, different sections for different treatments/activities), but nicer than just "functional," very, very pleasant. I got a package deal for yoga (which I couldn't make), lunch, massage and facial. Lunch was a sandwich, salad, drink and cookie, delivered in a pretty wicker basket. I had a facial from Deanne and a massage from Meri. The massage was excellent (I like a deep massage, and Meri was excellent; I'm guessing from her sensitivity and experience she can do a "relaxing" massage equally well). The facial was OK. It's very accessible with good parking and very friendly people.
This should really be 3.5 stars but didn't want the 3 star rating to throw off their average... I got a massage while we were on vacation, here's what I liked:
-Good pre-natal massage therapist 
-Professional staff
-Great pool area where you could sit and relax before or after your service
-Tea, water, coffee, etc. bar that included fruit and cookies

Here's what I didn't like:
-Communal "locker room" they have separate dressing rooms, but the areas where you enter and exit the showers and bathrooms are communal. 
-Bathroom issues... I think they were having an off day here (I hope so) it seemed only one of the three (or four I can't remember) bathrooms were not clean/working. One was stopped up, one the top was off and sitting on the toilet seat, another lock was broken. 
-Quality of products - this may sound snobby, but I was expecting some either nicer products or more upscale packaging for the shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc. The products were store-bought and I think White Rain or Suave. Not that these are bad products, it's just at a spa, where you just paid the going rate for a massage, you'd think they'd try to present a more upscale perception. 

But just to repeat, the massage was good and the facility has some nice things about it.
I am completely new to the vaping scene and they were able to help me out without a problem.  Super clean establishment.
This place is awesome, I got my new Kangertech mini and they even helped me set it up and show me how to use it. There house juices are great. 6mg is perfect for a pack a day smoker and I love the Vanilla Custard and Awesome Nanner banana flavor. Island breeze is a Strawberry Pina Colada thats good too. Very friendly staff, Joel is very knowledgeable.  I will be making all my purchases there in the future and I'm happy I found them. No more stinky unhealthy cigarettes for me. Plus vaping is so much more enjoyable.
My go to vape shop for everything, staff is extremely knowledgeable and will point you in the right direction.
Went in for the first time today to get set up with my first drip. The guys were very helpful, set me up under a hundred bucks and shared a ton of tips and tricks with me. The place is clean and well organized. I recommend.
This place is AMAZING. I like that the service is always informative, yet at other times I can run in and get what I need quickly when I'm in a hurry. I have gone to other "vape" shops and smoke shops and these guys are THE BEST. I moved here from Oklahoma over a year ago and couldn't find any real Vape stores close by, so I had been going to smoke shops in the area. Every juice I would buy caused me horrible headaches. (That's a LOT of money to spend for headaches that would last for days) as soon as Great Vapes opened up I was thrilled to have a REAL VAPE SHOP in my area. Their HOUSE juice is the best! They also have a wide variety of other juices.  The house juice at Great Vapes is the only juice I have found in Arizona that does not cause me headaches. So, if you are looking for a knowledgeable staff to show you all the new stuff and be honest about it all and how it all works, I HIGHLY recommend you walk into Great Vapes and see there is no better place for all your vape needs!
Came in here the other day to pick a few things up I've been wanting to get. This place is great, Chris really knows what he's talking about, I needed some advice on a few flavors and they are perfect. Very inviting and comfortable, I will be recommending to friends.
Okay, Pure Fitness....Here goes.

I love you because you are close to my house and relatively cheap. I love you because you are almost always clean, and there is usually plenty of machines to get my work-out on. I love you because you are open 24 hours (even though i never utilize it..) and you have a lot of aerobics classes. I love you because you have a nice locker room and a healthy amount of magazines to choose from. I love you because at least 70% of your members are fatter than me, and that makes me feel good about myself. I love you because you are not chock-full of meatheads who feel the need to grunt and scream like a bear in heat while lifting weights. 

I hate you because you have really annoying staff. The only two trainers I've had there that I LIKED have either left or been let go (I don't know which). I hate you because you don't let me keep my lock on a locker over night. I hate you because when I am walking out, all sweaty and disgusting, you try and stop me to sell me something else! wtf? I already give you my $21 each month!! I hate you because half the time when I get back to my car, you have put some sort of promo crap on my windshield. 

But most of all, pure fitness, I HATE your front desk girls. They make me want to stab my eyes out with their chipper squealing and incessant giggling. I realize they are supposed to be up-beat or whatever, but MY GOD do they really need to scream the songs on the radio in their nasal-y voices so loud that I can hear them on the treadmill?? And do they REALLY need to whine their hello's and goodbye's? Oh yeah, and do you guys really need to come over the intercom to make private, inside jokes so the entire gym understands you are cool?

Clearly, pure fitness, I have a love/hate relationship with you.
This is not my usual Global Pet Foods store but I was glad I dropped by during Black Friday Weekend. Oh maybe it was my dog that was glad I dropped by??

Quite a few dog treats were going on for sale at 50% off or BOGO! Great time to stock up on some!

The only complaint might be the lack of pricing on some of the dog food?? I usually like to know the price or if there's a special on some of food I purchase frequently.

Staff is nice and friendly. There was a little dispute over the wording of the sale, but all sorted out when I ready to pay!
Cute little pet store that sells all the last minute necessities I need.  Of course, on a weekend, my dog decided to chew her tail and I was in desperate need of a cone.  Reluctant to drive back to work, I called in Global and they were extremely helpful.  As an added bonus, they had the cone in PINK.  Ugh, super cute.  

Needless to say, mommy was happy LadyBug had a cone of shame to prevent her from biting her tail on the weekend and LadyBug was a bit happy about her pink cone.
I have purchased many products from this store. I own two large dogs and a cat. I find that the staff is very knowledgeable.

I buy my dog food here because, they offer food that is very specific to each breed. I have also purchased my dog "houses".... (Shhh don't tell my dogs but I really bought padded cages which I call "house") So when I need them to go to their house it is a positive thing. This place offers brushes, healthy treats and dog walking aids for all types of situations. Did I mention I have TWO large dogs? 

If you are in the area and own pets, I would suggest you visit this location.
I have been to quite a few Global Pet Foods (GPF) stores in the Greater Toronto Area (GTA).  This location in Stouffville is more spacious than most other locations.  The bigger store permits more selections.  Some pet food brands here, such as Blackwoods and Chicken Soup for the Soul, are not even distributed at the GPF in Unionville, which is owned by the same owner.  I am delighted to have the access to many unique and quality brands through this location.

This is an one-stop shop for all things pet.  The store carries pet supplies such as leashes, litter, training pads, grooming supplies, etc.  On the day I visited, there was cat adoption services.  This was the first time I saw a cat adoption practice at a GPF.  Kudo to that!

The food pricing and placement reflects the strategy to be an elite food supplier.  The narrowly distributed pet food brands, such as Blackwoods and First Mate, are fairly expensive.  The food brands that are more broadly available, such as Taste of the Wild, are not predominately displayed.
Drive through times are horrible. No traffic yet 30 min for one order. Im so angry that i just worked a full day and tried to patron a local place and they totally blew me off. Horrible meal times, horrible service. The only reason theres 2 stars is because of the food.
I've ever been here before but I've heard good things about it and I had a coupon so might as well. Drive thru took longer than expected to get our food even though we were the only ones there, and the drive thru guy was a little snippy with me, and told me I should have told him about the coupon earlier even though I said I had one before we even started ordering. Fish was okay, wish it came with tartar sauce instead of the red sauce they gave us :/ I wasn't very impressed with it
No words...well, almost no words can describe this place.

I was doing my husband - a native Phoenician - a favor one evening and picked up dinner for him at Pete's Fish & Chips. He explained to me how everyone knows that it's just fish bricks, etc, but that the red sauce is on point and well, you have to be born and raised in Phoenix to "get it." 

I'm going to assume that he's correct because, well, I watched them put a frozen brick of um, let's say packed fish, into a big vat of grease and then pull it out and stick it into a brown paper bag. The grease leaked through the bag and stunk up my car for a day or two. 

Honestly, I'm giving them 2 stars because of their length of time in Phoenix and being able to convince Phoenicians that what they're serving is fish and two because the drive-thru service guy was really nice.
No.

Every native Arizonan swears by this place...so much so that I just had to check it out for myself. And...? No.

The fries were pretty good, and Pete's is generous with them. But the fish? I've had frozen fish sticks that tasted better than that stuff. Yes, I tried the shrimp too. Those weren't much better. So, no.

Wait, their red sauce was kind of good. I do agree with people about that. But, what's the point of good sauce on rubbish food? So, still, no.

Will I be back? I think you know the answer to that question.
Waited nearly 10 minutes at walk up window before I asked the lady cleaning tables if I could get some help. Food was NOTHING like I remember years ago in Chandler. Fries cold, hard and chicken nuggets hard on ends. I will not be back there at all ever.
Frozen fish filets and "shrimp" product straight from your grocer's freezer at fresh fish prices!   This place is so gross.  Their fish basket special includes one small rectangular piece of frozen fresh and some very questionable fried "shrimp".   I've never been so disappointed upon laying eyes upon an order before.  Please don't go here, it's disheartening.

Also they charge $.50 extra for tarter sauce even though you already paid $8 for a stupid fish stick and $1.00 for a refill.  I could understand if they had to keep fresh stock or something but they don't.

They should change their name to Pete's yuck and chips.
Ordered the seafood combo. The fish was pretty good, as were the chips. The 4 pieces of shrimp, however, were bad. The batter covering them was way too thick and completely masked the flavour of the shrimp.I would never have known they were fried shrimp if you hadn't told me. Dissapointing. Stick to the fish if you go there and maybe the sandwiches (I haven't tried those but a fried told me they're not bad)
You are nasty Pete, especially here in Tempe.  Fast food, that doesn't come out that fast, served by greasy staff in a greasy space.
I was a little disappointed...my Glendale Pete's is great...but this location...not so much. It took forever in the drive thru at lunch, I got the shrimp and chips..no salt and over fried shrimp....I'll stick to Glendale...
Greasy fish. It's A dive fast food restrant. This place is what gives fast food A bad name. The staff not nice. Dirty restrant.
basic square pieces of fish that has a better batter than fish quality.  The fries were heaviy on grease and lacked any french fry character except their shape.
After eating at Pete's a few times, and having tried a varied sampling of the items they serve, I'm surprised they are still in business. Some people give this place good reviews... that just convinces me that some people will eat anything, even (insert something gross) as long as it is deep fried. 

I have never eaten such unpalatable food in my life. I believe "Seafood Sundays" in prison would be more appetizing. The shrimp, scallops, and "crabettes" (faux crab) were mushy, and tasteless save the oil they were deep fried in. 

The only item I considered fit for human consumption were the fries.... and I have to admit, they were pretty tasty especially with the special Pete's hot sauce. The only other positive thing I can say about this place is that the oil used to deep fry their "food" was fresh.

One last thing... service is slow, glacial would be a better description. Of course, since all their seafood is frozen at absolute zero, I can understand why.
For some reason, I don't know why, I had heard that Pete's fish and chips was a Tempe staple...if this true I have no idea why.  I mean, sure, the place is extremely well priced (3 of us ate here for less than a Jefferson). But I guess you get what you paid for because when my order arrived I hadn't been so disappointed since the Lost series finale.  The "fish", i guess that's what I ate, was hard as a rock, I was thinking about taking it home to play street hockey with later...it was that bad and it had no flavor what so ever.  Our meals also came with some "shrimp" and again, the dubious quotations are necessary.  I have never ate "shrimp" like that in my life..it was a small amount of shrimp-esque mush fried in a few tablespoons of batter...and it was similarly unflavorful..unless you call grease a flavor, which I do not.
Love B&N!  Get selection and comfortable feel to the place.  Neat and clean!
What can you say, it's a Barnes and Noble. 4 stars as the employees were quite friendly and helpful, not 5 stars as the store was a little dirty (a bit of trash on the floor, magazines on racks somewhat askew). Granted it was an hour before closing and they seemed to be a bit understaffed for the crowd that was in there, but overall a fruitful experience.
Great store...Awesome service...I only wish the coffee shop had more natural healthy options...
Hope they keep this store if BN has any plans of closing more stores.  We used to come here to study; then it was to peruse after we started our professional careers.  Now, we come here as a family to pick out books for our toddler.  Good times!
One of my favorite places, I like how they put books in categories which makes looking for books easier, friendly staff, great selection of books and they have have Starbucks too!
I have no real complaints.  Prices are high but you get what you pay for.    :-)  The employees are ALWAYS friendly and willing to help my daughter whenever she needs it.  THAT IS HUGE!!
No real complaints.  I love walking into a bookstore with so many worlds and choices waiting to be explored.  I love going into Barnes & Noble if for no other reason to get an idea of what is out there.  I've primarily been an e-book reader for the last 4-5 years and I find the prices on the digital marketplace to be much more favorable to the consumer.  That being said, I do like being able to walk into a bookstore and peruse their library for new books and authors, something I find much easier to do in a bookstore than a digital marketplace.  

I do occasionally purchase books from there as there are a number of authors that I prefer to own the hardcover version of their work rather than an e-book.  You can usually find great deals on a number of interesting titles in their clearance and sale section and they also have a great selection of books for younger children.  I love being able to walk in and grab a book and sit on one of their comfy chairs for a while and read a bit of the book to see if I will like it.

I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable, usually helping me find a book based off a (usually) vague description I give them!  Definitely stop in if you are looking for books, you can also save money in the long run if you purchase a lot of books by joining their rewards club.
Barnes and Nobel is a Great Family Place to read and grab a cold drink.

Barnes and Nobel is a good place for current titles. The staff is always helpful, friendly and courteous. As a member, I enjoy the special discounts and the great variety of "bargain books."  My visit's to Barnes and Nobel are always an adventure! I bring my nephew to Barnes and Nobel for family time.  We enjoy looking for books and reading.

Barnes and Nobel is also a nice place to grab a quick bite and some coffee. Maybe get some work done or just some quite time to sit and read.
I could only give this place a 3 out of 5.  They used to be a 5, however lately the general tso chicken has been way over cooked and too crunchy.  It used to be lightly breaded and tender, but not in the last 2-3 times, sure hope they did not loose there awesome cook.   I order the kung pao chicken, which is always good, it just seems to be the fried things are not being breaded or done like they used to.  Sure hope that changes
Would give it a 3.5 if I could. They have some interesting burger choices, lamb meat etc. The topping and sauces were great but the paties were a little small and overcooked for my taste, although I guess all ground meat has to be well done in Ontario. Sweet potato fries were pretty good. Nice helpful staff. Very affordable
It's like a fancy semi self-serve Harvey's. You place your order at the front, pick up your drink from the fridge on the side and wait at your table until they call your order. We had the signature combos: 

- SMOKEY BACON BURGER + ONION RINGS + JONES ROOTBEER

- SPICY CANJUN BURGER + REGULAR FRIES + H2O

Both burgers were great, the beef patties were super juicy and tasted like real beef...not like the standard "burger flavour" you get at fast food chains. The onion rings were pretty awesome as well, my friend kept eating mine. It's probably because the regular fries SUCKED. There is nothing special about the regular fries, they are cut short with the skin on and have no particular deliciousness. 

This location is clean and because it's on the Kipling strip it's relatively quiet. When I was there on a Sunday, the other patrons were families with small (and well-behaved!) children. I'm not sure how this place is on a weekday.
I first noticed Gourmet Burger Company while I was driving down Kipling and thought to myself, "Hey, wasn't that place a strip club before?".

We stopped in to grab a quick dinner - burger ($5.95) and a burger combo with fries and a drink ($10).  Food was ready not too long after ordering.  Liked that the burger was on a whole wheat bun and the fries were tasty.  

The burger was just okay...not any better than say Hero Burger, Harvey's or to a lesser extent Wendy's.  Not sure what makes these burgers 'gourmet' other than the price tag.

Dining room was pretty empty while we were there but noticed constant take out traffic.  

I took novelty in knowing that I might have been eating right where the champagne room use to be which lead me to hum this song for the rest of the night - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9yBPcn8IqU
Make no mistake: this is a fast food joint. However, the food is way better here than places like Wendy's or Apache Burger (and palatable). I especially like their fries and the variety of toppings that are available for the burgers.
We've taken my son here several times for batting practice as well as a private coaching session.  The facility is small but well kept.  Everyone who works here is super nice and helpful.  Highly recommend checking them out.
Great indoor cages. Nice people and a lot more than just cages. You can use the pitching mound or rent out a room for team parties. My kid loves this place
Excellent facility. Great place to take hitting or pitching lessons. I think it's family owned which I like.
Always good fresh juicy burgers. They are a bit over price, but I'll pay it because they are delicious. I really wish this burger joint had milkshakes, I mean a burger joint needs milkshakes. If you have a peanut allergy like my son, stay away as the fries are cooked in peanut oil and peanuts are in open boxes in the dining area.
I am a fan of Five Guys where ever I'm at... and this one didn't disappoint.  It has to be one of the nicest ones I've ever been to.  The only challenge I had was in finding it as it's behind the shopping center... but then the GPS was ever diligent and got me there just fine.  You will enjoy this location!
These Guys just get it right,great burgers straight forward toppings hand cut fries.I've eaten here on more than a few occasions with the family and everyone loves it.Counter service is always polite and expeditious .Enjoy.
Picked up an online order from here about 15 minutes before they closed, and they gave us the rest of the fries they had cooked up, which I thought was nice. Their burgers have always been great and consistent. The only thing I didn't like was that all the fries were kind of soggy, but maybe I just got a bad batch because they were the end-of-day fries lol
Consistently good burgers and fries.  Service is great; the employees actually don't seem to hate working there.  The grilled vegetable sandwich is my go-to; even though it's basically grilled toppings, it's still delicious.  And I appreciate the lack of fake meat.  

Note that although the menu doesn't specify, the regular Cheeseburger is actually a double patty.
I like Five Guys and this location conforms to my expectations from other locations.

They give us plenty of fries.
The burgers have all the toppings we ordered.
Everything tasted great.

Five Guys is a chain and I don't want to write too much unless it is about how this location stands out from another location.  If you haven't been to Five Guys it is a good burger with as much toppings as you want.
Simple menu makes for good food.  I first had Five Guys a couple years ago iwhen I was still fresh out of college, but this location is fairly new along with the Trader Joe's and other stores in this area.

Burgers here are always made well and just how you like them.  If you order fries, get ready for a nice huge bag of fries.  They are freshly cut (the location of where the potatoes come from that day are on the wall).  I've had the cajun fries too... which are great if you want a little kick to your fries.

Staff is friendly and the service is quick.  Good combination when you are in a hurry for lunch or just in a hurry to get a burger in your stomach!
This Five Guys is located right by the Arbor Hills subdivision and in front of University Research Park.

I love their hamburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches and the fries servings are big enough to feed a family of ten. 

The place is clean and never too crowded.
HUGE burgers!! And one small fry is enough to feed my family of three.  Very tasty food and good solid service.  Very yummy!  I dont think the Yelp map is exactly correct though. but I guess close enough.
I've been training in Chi Kung and traditional Shaolin Kung Fu under the instruction of Shi Chang Dao at the Shaolin Temple Quanfa Institute since January 2012.  The experience has been entirely positive and I would recommend that anyone who is interested in health, fitness, or martial arts to give the class a try.  Here's some general information about the classes and the type of training offered at this school.  I hope you find it helpful.
 
The Programs
The programs are split up into individual segments so that you can choose only those that you are interested in.  The segments are split between Chi Kung, Kung Fu Fitness, and Kung Fu Practical.  There's also a free or optional donation meditation class on Saturdays which include an open discussion on spirituality, with a focus on Chan Buddhism (Note: don't let this optional section scare you off, this school does not preach religion or require you to believe in any particular faith).  It's up to the individual to choose which segments they are interested in signing up for.  Each segment runs between 45min to an hr long and are open to individuals of all fitness levels.  The degree of difficulty will ultimately depend on how hard you push yourself.  Instructor Dao recommends taking Kung Fu Fitness on its own first before taking the combination Kung Fu Fit/Practical classes which takes close to 2 hours.  I've personally found that individual with some fitness background can generally start with both classes while those with little experience will want to start with Kung Fu Fit first.  Chi Kung classes are typically scheduled right before Kung Fu classes, so if you decide to sign up for all three, be prepared for a 3 hour session.  

The Training
The style of training is rooted in developing foundational skills through repetition.  Forms may seem basic and simple at first, but students will find they are actually quite difficult, especially if you are looking to develop speed and power through the movement.  Here's a quick description of what some of the classes are like.

Chi Kung - Shaolin Ba Duan Jin is the form of Chi Kung taught by Instructor Dao.  Emphasis in the first year of classes has been on abdominal breathing, the eight basic movements along with the variations, and to build awareness and sensitivity to chi in the lower dantian (energy store).  Intermediate classes emphasize directing chi flow during the eight movements and further development of sensitivity to chi in the dantian, hands, feet, and throughout the body.

Kung Fu Fitness - Classes begin with Shaolin warm up drills which are meant to develop coordination, flexibility, strength, and speed.  Warm up drills are mostly aerobic and dynamic.  They are followed up with stretching routines, which I've found to greatly enhance flexibility in a very short period of time.  This training has resulted in me being the most flexible I've even been in my 30 yr life (and I've been into fitness and conditioning since high school).  After stretching, static stance training is done to build core and leg strength.  An emphasis is also put on sensing and utilizing chi to support one self as opposed to using muscle.  All these drills together take approximately 25 min to half an hour.  The remainder of the class focuses on the foundations of kicking and punching.  The last few minutes of class are typically finished off with push ups and sit ups.

Kung Fu Practical - Classes begin 5 minutes after Kung Fu Fitness and usually begin with more advanced movements which typically involves a stance based kicking or punching movement.  The remainder of the class focuses on either sparring and application drills or Kung Fu forms.

Final Thoughts
This is my first experience with a martial arts school so I don't have a basis for comparison.  But I will say that I've thoroughly enjoyed myself in the past 10 months and that I would encourage anyone interested in trying Kung Fu or Chi Kung to try one of these classes.  Besides the obvious benefits of increased health and fitness, the atmosphere is great, the instructor is knowledgeable, and the training is fun.  You've got nothing to lose.
I have been training here for nearly two years now and have noticed myself get a lot healthier and fitter. My two boys tried a kids class and then kept asking me to enrol them. Dao really seems to make it fun for the kids!
I have trained under many martial arts teachers before starting at the Toronto branch of the Shaolin Temple Quanfa Institute and have to say that this is the real thing. 
If you are interested in learning real Shaolin Kung Fu, this is the place to be. 

This school's teacher is directly trained by Master Shi Guo Song, a real Shaolin warrior monk, among other things. (look him up!)  

This school is also special as it teaches Shaolin Ba Duan Jin Qi Gong, something that I had not heard of before. That curiosity made me try their free class event (they have these events regularly, look for it!) and I do not regret enrolling! 

The teacher is friendly and sociable and offers separate classes depending on your interests and wallet size. 

All in all, I believe that attending classes at the Toronto branch of the Shaolin Temple Quanfa Institute is a good investment in yourself.

I highly recommend it!
I will give these guys 5 stars as I brought 2 cats here and the grooming was done quickly and painlessly for my kitties. They even chipped off some tartar from one of my cats teeth, a huge chunk of it gross!

The owner here who has 6 cats at home did the best job but the other girl was good too. I'll post a pic of what the owner did on my grey cat as that one really looks top notch.

They are passionate about what they do. The price was really reasonable too!
This grooming salon is specialized in cat grooming which makes this place a go-to if you have a cat. The owner and her employees(I think she has 1 or 2 part-time) are extremely nice and attentive. I get my cat shaved about 4 times a year (my love for my furry friend is greater than any allergy) and never encountered any problems. My wild lion is easily and gently tamed by the professional skills of Anne-Marie and her team!  It's worth driving all the way here if you're not in the area. If you're from the Sud-Ouest and you'd rather encourage local businesses, she also carries the Royal Canin food line and other treats. The only downer is they don't accept credit cards, only debit and cash. 

Price wise, similar to other places and will vary depending on your cat's behaviour, hair type, etc.
As the proud human of a very long haired cat I can safely say these people are my new best friends. If you have any experience with long haired cats then you know the problems they can have involving letterbox mishaps, and the extreme need for emergency bathing, and we all know how much the average cat *loves* baths. 

The first time I brought my Beast in for a visit, I did not even ask the price. I was prepared to pay a premium to have my cat bathed  and shaved by someone other than me because I could no longer handle the yowling, screaming and struggling of my poor cat. I fully expected it to take 30 minutes to an hour to accomplish this gargantuan task. 

15 minutes and $11 later I walked out with a clean and well trimmed cat! I couldn't believe it. The staff there are able to handle even the fussiest of cats gently, cleaning and shaving them without sedation or struggle, it is quite frankly nothing short of miraculous.
Felinus offers the best grooming service by far in the West of Montreal.

The attention is professional and friendly and my cat loves coming here.

I would highly recommend this business to anyone.
We had a great experience! She listened to the type of pictures I wanted and was very receptive to my ideas. She took my wants and turned them into beautiful pictures that turned out better than I had even imagined! We wouldn't hesitate to use her to capture our family again!!
I have worked with Vintage Rabbit Photography for 2 years on multiple photography events. She always works hard to capture what the clients ask for as well as is very talented at capturing peoples special moments. She is very professional and talented behind the camera and I have seen her make hundreds of families happy as she captured their memories with a camera. I would recommend this photographer to work with you on capturing your memories too.
Having studied photography in school, I have worked with a lot of photographers on both sides of the camera, but Vintaged Rabbit has really set herself apart from all the rest! Sharon's talent is neither something that can be learned in a classroom nor something that can it be taught! After a session with my sisters, Sharon really proved her talent and skill. Our session (http://vintagedrabbitphotography.wordpress.com/2012/08/08/jurgens-family/) really captured the 4 of us both as a family and as individuals. Personally, I favor shots that aren't posed and Sharon captured that perfectly. Thus, showing my sisters and I in our true sense as individuals (and "dysfunction") and that a bond between siblings that was once described as "invisible" is actually displayed in and through us all! Any person can grab a camera and snap moments, but it takes a really talented artist like Sharon that can capture memories that easily slip away in the spaces of our minds. My living room is littered with canvases of our one shoot with my siblings and I look forward to my future photography needs with Sharon and the Vintaged Rabbit brand!
What's there to say. It's Denny's. The foods not awful, but not great either. It works in a pinch after a night of bar hopping.
Stopped by Fearless Meats today...ordered the burger only with all toppings...no cheese or bacon...did takeout instead of sitting in. 

The negatives - pretty tasteless bun, meat was a little overcooked. 

The positives - patty was 6oz and larger than than a 4oz standard burger patty, cooked fresh on a flat grill, toppings were fresh, price at $4 was amazing. 

Giving this joint 4 stars. Will definitely be back to try some of the other items on the menu.
Small mom & pop burger shop that recently opened and it's definitely  somewhere you wanna check out!

Pretty good burger for the price! Everything is fresh and homemade, and the service is great. 

Had the fearless beach burger with fries and the mother clucker with fries. 

The burger was yummy with good charcoal taste. 

Chicken burger had a nice crispy coating and tender/moist meat. 

Fries were a little on the thick-cut side for those who enjoy those type, but would prefer a little crispier. 

Everything was simple and delicious. 

Overall would highly recommend and would definitely be back.
Decent computers and seats but it always reeks of cigarettes and it's hard to find seats next to each other if you go with friends. Bathroom is also horrifying but at least it works.
I went into this place with a sense of dread.  It was chosen by my father in-law and his business partner for a family dinner (yes, the business partner is considered family.)  I feared what 2 guys in their 70's would pick.  Walking into the place, it was exactly what I expected.  Very dark with a 1970's era feel with minor attempts to update itself (3 widescreen TVs.).  The theme was interesting, choosing to look like the lobby of a since demolished hotel in Charlotte (hence the name.) 

The table was a little cramped for 6 of us, but we managed.  The complimentary mini cornbread was fresh out of the oven and quite tasty (and I normally don't like cornbread.)  

For my meal I chose the Chicken Cordon Bleu.  It honestly was probably the best Cordon Bleu I've ever had.  The hollandaise sauce on it is wonderful.  The business partner and his wife had the Jumbo Gumbo.  I assume it's good because they eat there regularly, but man, it was, well, jumbo.  Each one of those could easily feed to people (neither finished theirs and took the rest home.)

The wife and I split the DC's Pie for desert,  The chocolate/peanut butter pie was just awesome.  Granted, I'm a sucker for anything peanut butter and Chocolate, but that was excellent.  It takes a lot to get an audible moan out of me, but this pie did it.
Four stars for service and three stars for the food. I was in need of a very quick bite to eat Friday on my way to catch a movie. I always drive by Hotel Charlotte yet I never stop - well tonight was the night. 

My friend and I were greeted promptly at the door and we asked to grab a few seats at the bar since we were in a rush...no problem. The bartender was sweet and chatty and recommend a few menu items that could be made quickly....for an appetizer pimento cheese fritters after all how could you go wrong with fried cheese. Here is an interesting tidbit they use cream cheese to make their pimento cheese here for those of you who don't know its traditionally a mix of mayo, shredded cheese, and pimentos. Well to be honest they were a bit disappointing I was waiting for that crisp fried shell and hot gooey cheese - these were just luke warm the tomato sauce on the side was boring and didn't compliment the cheese at all....next up a huge bowl of Gumbo and I mean huge - I really liked the Gumbo my friend and I shared the bowl believe me its enough to share...I thought it was spicy and delicious. 

If your in need of a quick meal I would definitely recommend Hotel Charlotte they also had a great selection of beers.
Friendly people, good food  and clean. But small place which is okay (it makes it cozy).
I rarely go out to eat at Filipino spots since I can just eat it at home but wanted to give this place a shot. 

I got the longanisa breakfast. It comes with an longanisa(filipino sausage),egg, garlic fried rice, and slices of tomato. Overall it was good but for 6.99 and only two pieces of longanisa I felt cheated. I think there pieces for that platter would be more fitting. Also the garlic fried rice was a bit bland and too soft for MY taste, and the serving bowl they put it in was a bit awkward to eat out of. 

I also got the pork bbq skewer which was great but then again I felt cheated as they only filled the skewer halfway. Whenever I got that bbq skewer usually i dont have a place to hold it because it's usually filled up. They could just use smaller skewers so at least that way it won't look so empty. 

The only problem I have with this place is probably the portion of what I got. I felt a little cheated but don't let that be a determining factor from trying this place out.
I personally enjoyed my early 1030am breakfast here with my family. The place is clean, the service is exactly as I would expect from other filipino chain restaurants. The food is hot and ready to choose from and they also have a choice of food made to order on the spot. I had the lechon kawali which was nice and crispy, a full $3.99 order of pancit bihon which tasted just right for me. Portions were fulfilling enough. I am not much of a breakfast person so yes, I opted for lunch cause thats just me. I did peep there topsilog that someone had next to me and it looked tasteful, yes I noticed their plate was empty so I am guessing I was right. Things I would recommend: adding filipino staple drinks (melon, calamansi not in the can, mango juice not in the can). My son was also looking for bread while eating the pancit bihon so having side orders of pan de sal would be nice. I left a 4star because I know this place has much potential. But overall, the flavors on the food were
My Honest Review on this "Karendirya".
The Place is Neat and Clean!
The employees are very friendly and very helpful, they are "MAGALANG" but they lack of smile a bit of tiresome face or Pagod. But then again it's a place of business and no exemptions if you are tired or not. Food is absolutely Delish! Masarap! Wala akong masabi sa food!
My only reason why I gave 4 star, because of the street food area.

I ordered 5 sticks!
1 stick of Kwek Kwek -3pcs
2 sticks of Pig ears - 6pcs
2 sticks of isaw - 8pcs

1st of all the portion is too small! For that price! (overpriced)
Secondly, tuyo't masyado and no Sauce (if the stick cost $1.39 each they should invest some money for the sauce. Like the actual street food! You don't buy kwek kwek or BBQ without a sauce right?) 
And last but not the least
The delicacies!!! Masarap! May pag ka Pricey but it's worth it.
 
I really recommend this place to everyone who are interested. My Review is Legitimately Honest!

I am hoping to see some changes on the Street-food area but OVERALL this location is absolutely KABABAYAN SWAK NA SWAK!
Street food is the best! I tried the pork BBQ, pork ears and chicken liver.  Street food are also grilled as soon as you order it. I could have given them 5 stars if the pork ears are a little more tender. Pork adobo and papaitan was really good too!
This is my second time to eat here.This place serves comfort food for some homesick Filipino "home away from home" I order Palabok and Halo-Halo desert for hot weather friendly staff and ready to help you if your not familiar of Filipino dishes just ask don't be shy and they will explain to you the dish. Place is very clean good job.
Visited Kulinarya last week after getting my hair done and this evening before heading to the library for a concert.

For both visits, I had the pancit that I thought was ok.  Today, I tried the mongo beans, which was typical.  It was alright.

In my previous visit, they had chicken papaya and pork afritada.  Both were delicious. The chicken papaya had slices of ginger in it, which I like a lot, but not my husband, so I got it all to myself. Yay me!

In this last visit, my husband had the dinaguan (pork stewed in pork blood), kari kari and pinakbet. He said it is the best kari kari and dinaguan he has ever had.  And although he is Puerto Rican, he has had plenty of kari kari and dinaguan throughout our 25-years of marriage to know what he's talking about.

We were too full to try the very large halo halo, but we do look forward to returning and trying it out.

4-stars for great atmosphere, cleanliness, customer service and good food.
I love the ambiance of this restaurant especially the painting on the wall. What is super unique about this Filipino restaurant is that they have street food :) I love how they serve breakfast all day which is my favorite meal of the day. I had the longsilog Togo. I was pretty sad to see that they only gave two longanisa but their pretty big. I still wish they could give three. The food was pretty good.  I tried to get a dessert but since it was still a soft opening they didn't have any. Overall, the employees are really nice. I need to come back when they actually have the halo halo cause that's my favorite :)
The food is good here! The only thing is their Palabok, i order one for $7.99 for small amount compare to the other filipino restaurants, napaka kaunti ng serving sa palabok.
Food is ok, at least place is clean. I mostly will come here for the BBQ. It is like 1$ per stick, and I like how it is made thin and not so thick like other places make it. Of course I like their cebuano style BBQ sauce on it. It may seem like it is cheap there, but the dollars add up quickly if you don't pay attention to what your spending. You can very easily get carried away.
their ihaw-ihaw is the bomb! and its really cheap! one dollar lang per stick! Sana next time, meron na silang chicken isaw!!
Finalllyyyyy!!!! Pinoy street foods that i love!!! Plus the people who work here are awesome pinoys! Place is really clean and you can tell they are very aware of restaurant standards here in vegas! Will be back for more!
I recently went to this restaurant to mainly try out the street food. First, I do think the price per stick is quite expensive. They charge $1.39/stick. In terms of taste, I thought it was really flavorful. My family and I tried out the adidas, isaw, tenga, betamax, fishball, and kwek kwek. I was a little disappointed with the kwek kwek because I was honestly expecting it to be bigger, but you really just get the size of a quail egg. I believe the make their own sauces and it's actually pretty good and balances out the taste. I would also recommend their sisig! It comes out on a sizzling plate so you get the crunchy bits and just overall a good flavor. It's hard to find Filipino street food in Vegas so I recommend everyone to at least try this place out for that reason. 

The place itself is clean and nicely decorated. They literally show off the Filipino culture with their wall paintings.
Usually go to Tina's across the street but wanted to try out this spot! Food was really good, tasted like my family's cooked meals at home. We got the adobo rice/pancit plate combo with sinigang, sisig, and bbq sticks. The place had a beautiful art wall with the Filipino culture and people. They had different sauces in the back where you can pour on your own like vinegar, patis, and soy sauce. Good and delicious place if you want a quick lunch. Plus they had a huge portion of Halo Halo! a bit expensive (6.99) but I guess it's worth the size. A good spot in the neighborhood for traditional Filipino food. Will definitely return.
Finally, a Filipino restaurant that seem like they actually care for the customers. The food was actually good compared to others like "Kusina ni Loraine." The most endearing part is that they have the street food. Oh how much I missed my Isaw  Definitely a good restaurant to visit when your craving them good pinoy food!
Good food but too busy on Sundays! Also , there was no karekare and sinigang which were the two things I was craving for  They do sell snacks and other canned goods from the Philippines
Finalllyyyyy!!!! Pinoy street foods that i love!!! Plus the people who work here are awesome pinoys! Place is really clean and you can tell they are very aware of restaurant standards here in las vegas. Affordable price too!
MONGO (Balatong) is one of the restaurant's BEST food on its menu in my humble culinary opinion. 
Unfortunately, the restaurant only has it available once in a while (like once a week). Sad :(
As others have noted, the prices are high for what you get ($15-25) for burgers and $10-20 for glasses of wine.  The atmosphere was nice if you can snag a booth, more cozy than the sports bar further up the concourse.  The burger was a bit overdone, as were the panko chicken tenders.  BBQ sauce is the sauce of choice.  The wines were of acceptable quality, at least if you are going to pay a high price you get something that is OK.
The most important thing to note about this restaurant is that the service is not good nor quick.  As others have noted, make sure you have ample time before your flight.  If you do, this is a great place to relax while you're waiting for your connection.   

Food quality is not great.   I chose this restaurant over Burger King and actually regretted my decision afterwards.  Pluses are: the good atmosphere of the restaurant and the cold beer, which helps, especially when your plane is delayed by a few hours due to weather.  

Overall. I rate this two stars based on the service and the food.
Stopped by for a quick bite while we waited for our plane. Our waitress was super nice and pretty attentive, but that my be because there were only like 2 other tables eating at that time. It's a pretty spacious place and I didn't feel too cramped like some other airport restaurants.

We shared a salad and steak sandwich. The salad was ok, nothing special. The steak sandwich was really greasy and the meat was low quality. The only thing that was good were the French Fries! 

So... bottom line it's not that great, but it's a place to chill if you have time to waste before your flight. Or you can just go sit at the gate...
Poor service, fair food and airport ambience. 
Houstons was recommended by the ticketing agent. The place was packed when we arrived, necessitating a 5- to 10-minute wait to be seated (luckily, we were not in a hurry). After a semi-reasonable wait our server arrived, but the drinks didn't come in a reasonable time. 
Our appetizer was calamari, the best part of our dining exerience and the chardonnay from California was nice and buttery. Our entrees arrived 2 minutes into our appetizer; the server mumbled that it was the kitchen's fault, served it anyway, and apologized repeatedly. 
We thought our food could be worse. My ribs tasted like it was water infused and the fries had good taste, the "seasonal side" never arrived. The salmon was slightly over-cooked and rice was "ehhh." Broccoli and green beans were al dente--good!
Due to the full house (we suppose), our service was lacking. Our water was never refilled, the waiter never checked in,  and it took forever to pay our bill.
My advice--consider a different place to eat if there's a line (we were there at 3pm on  Monday). If you eat here, ask for your check when the meal arrives.
First, I was told the steak sandwich was not available, then it was available so I went ahead and ordered it.  It was terrible.  The bread and tomato were fresh, but the "steak" was a moist, sticky, and tasteless paste of indeterminate protein.

I sent it back and ordered the Houston burger which was better, but not great considering the delicious ingredients.  Part of the problem was a burger they had to cook well done (because, Canada), but still a poor showing.

Terrible selection of beers for a restaurant with a full bar.

The service was actually pretty great.  Our waitress was nice, polite, understanding, and fully intent on making our visit a pleasant one despite the circumstances. 

I would not ever go back here, though, because it is a waste of money overall.
Wouldn't recommend this if you're in a rush. Very slow service. We waited over 30 minutes for eggs and the people next to us had to leave before their food arrived because they were going to miss their flight. Also, warning: the omelet are made from a pre-mixed egg formula and are completely disgusting. We sent ours back. All in all, I would not recommend.
If you happen to be unfortunate enough to be delayed several hours at Montreal airport and begin to feel hungry, you will find yourself in a predicament of epic proportions - a wasteland of bad food options.

This steakhouse, to my dismay, is no different.

Because I categorize airport food into two categories: sub-par but edible and sub-par knowing my little cousin could make something better.

I'd say this place falls somewhere in between those two categories. With dry meat, flavorless chicken, and undercooked fries being the highlights of the menu, there really isn't much else to write about.
Had bacon and egg breakfast before a crack of dawn 6:00 AM flight as this was the only breakfast place (other than fast food) that seemed to be open.  Breakfast was so- so.  Bacon didn't taste as fresh and came with your usual potatoes.  We sat at the bar and service was quick and attentive.  Would I come back here?  I would try other options as it wasn't anything memorable!
Who doesn't like an airport bar? This one is nothing to write home about on a MTL postcard. 

They have two local-ish beers available. Show some pride in your beer culture people?! Rickards White and Red. The red was kicked. So the white it was. Otherwise Coors light ('MERCA!!) and Heineken (Netherlands for those not in the know). Where's the Labatt and Molson Canadian at?!

Rickards White with an orange slice it was. It was ok. Not my favorite white of all time but got the job done. 

I conversed with Canadian and international travelers as I waited for my Poutine (see photo). It was a half ass effort, to be honest. Cheese curds not melted. Not enough gravy. And not enough cheese. The meat on top was akin to not warm enough shaved steak from the steak sandwich I got from the cafeteria in elementary school. The potatoes were potato wedges that might as well have been microwaved. Definitely had potential because the flavors were on but the effort wasn't there. 

If this is your last taste of Canada before leaving the country I would describe it as a sour taste. Take some pride in the food and drink and show us why Montreal is such a great place to visit. 

Conclusion: it's the only real option in the terminal so you should go but don't expect too much. Sigh.
Pleasant ambiance, friendly service, very slow food preparation, mediocre-to-barely adequate food. The usual high airport pricing; roughly 50% higher than outside the airport.
The food was average but consistent. Have eaten here a few times due to limited sit down options at the airport. The service is very slow. I don't think it is the servers fault but the management. They are under staffed which creates the issue.
The venue was fine for an airport, service was fairly quickly however the food was not great. I had a veggie omelette, nothing was mixed in except for a lot of cheese, it was very oily and didn't taste that great. It was also pricy for what it was.
This review is in line with all the others who have had the misfortune of eating here.
My potatoes were cold, the "veg omelette with spinach & sun dried tomatoes" was a plain omelette with a few spinach leaves and about 10 microscopic pieces of sun dried tomatoes hurriedly thrown on top.

Unfortunately there aren't too many eating choices in this part of the airport ... at least you've been warned!
Food is ok, there is no lots of others place for lunch.. staff is lazy and arenot customer oriented.
Well just good because you have almost no choice.
2.5 stars

Really slow service even with their call system on the table which could have potentially been a good idea.

Food was underwhelming and def overpriced. Granted it's airport food which is always overpriced but you expect at least decent food. 

The sticky chicken was salty and sauced over until the chicken was super soggy. The Houston burger was okay. We came here cause I was starving and we were desperate for something to eat close to our gate. Otherwise, do yourself a favor and try another restaurant.
The filet i had was overcooked from what i ordered. It had too much seasoning. I found it funny that it had "montreal steak seasoning". The same one i put on my steaks at home. It was too much and it came out tasting salty. The vegetables were extremely soft and soggy. For the price of the food, you def feel like your paying to much for what they serve.
good location in the airport but the food was sub par.... not houstons like the hillstone chain...
The other reviews have pretty much crystallized my thoughts. Skip the fancy food on the menu, this place is only good for a beer and some bar food. Service at the bar was average, I was offered beverages promptly but it took a really long time to get an order of calamari (which was a tiny serving), maybe that's a ploy to get me to order another beer :)

I didn't see many other decent options at YUL, but this passed the time.
Houston not Houston's like in the States and a very different experience. To be honest, we found the food to be fair. Lots of different options from healthy to unhealthy (poutine!). But the service was very very slow. I mean very very slow. We went at around 5 pm on Sunday with 1.5 hours to go before boarding and they appeared very understaffed. Lots of folks waiting to be seated would give up before even making it into the restaurant. We were proactive and flagged someone down to get seated. Then we fetched our own menus and placed our orders for everything at once. We also asked for our check when we placed our order. I think that without those precautions we may have missed our flight. Perhaps that was just an off night when someone didn't show for a shift but be warned.
This place is something else.

Half the staff are OK, other seem like they care about nothing at all. Food wise, they just really don't know how to cook stuff for the general public. Burger by default is well done, so make sure to specify beforehand.

Fries came dashed on the side with BBQ sauce, just sloppy. First time I've ever had a warm salad (clearly they put it too close to the kitchen heat for a while).

Starving? Sure, it will fill you up. But needs new or at least involved management to get this place to glory.. it's not too late. Staff seem even unhappy with each other sometimes. And the floor can be sticky under the table.. plastic glasses don't belong in a upscale-looking place either.. kinda strange.
This airport has few choices and we decided upon this location as they were busy but there was no wait.  We were seated quickly but then it took forever for anyone to approach us regards our order.  Good thing we had the time waiting on our flight as the service continued to be very slow and forget needing a drink refill.  The lettuce on the burger was 25% brown, fries cold and bun stale.  Not impressed with the food nor the service.  The airport needs other choices as I wouldn't eat here again.
Should have trusted yelp. Breakfast sandwich is subpar. Good toasted bread, but with over cooked fried egg, cold ham, and cold solid cheese slices. I sent it back and they microwaved it for a few seconds. It's underseasoned and flavorless. A garlic aioli would have helped. Potato wedges are crispy but are like the Jo-jos we can get at the grocery store. Coffee is weak, but not the worst. Service is prompt but not friendly. $17 USD
In line with and one of the best massages I have ever received. After searching online for an excellent massage therapist in the area, and reading reviews I decided to try Massage in Davidson. I wrote first, requesting no candles due to allergies, communicated the type of massage I required, with a note to get back to me if this would work. Allison was very communicative and fit me in next day. 
I was expecting the fancy office in the pics but instead was invited to Allisons home, a quaint little antique duplex. She had rocking chairs on the porch and I plopped down in one since I had arrived 15 minutes early. At appt time I went in and am happy to say that all of the reviews are well deserved. Do yourself a favor and give yourself the gift of a massage at Massage in Davidson.
Absolutely fantastic massage by Ali.  Have seen her twice now and I plan to see her on a regular basis.  I have been to many massage therapist and Ali definitely has a passion for what she does.  She incorporated some light stretching in with my massage and i felt so relaxed.  Definitely one of the best massages I have experienced.  Highly recommend!
So it's almost been two weeks since Allison gave me a massage. It's now starting to wear off. For someone who is in daily pain, numbness and uncomfortable I can't even come up with words to explain what almost two weeks of no pain means. She gave me a 90 minute massage. She listened to what my problems were but as anyone who has chronic pain you get tired of telling the same story so I didn't tell her everything. I figured I'm getting a massage to relax. What I got was magic! She felt in my back what I needed and she even did traction work with me. Never has any massage therapist done that for me. I've been to Chiropractors, acupuncture, pain meds. She did for me in relief what none of them could do. Thank you!! I will be setting my next massage asap!
Allison was wonderful. She did a therapeutic massage and really helped me with my pain. She made thoughtful recommendations for after the massage and recommended an acupuncturist to help me with my pain. I booked again already.
Booked a 90 minute massage with Ali after traveling 15 hours overnight from CA. I am sooo glad that I did! It was exactly what I needed to relax and start my vacation. Lovely massage.
Was in town for business and had a break between meetings and decided to get a massage to unwind. I'm glad I did!
Ali was fantastic. The massage was different than most I've had..some non traditional methods I will let you experience for yourself. 
Definitely will be back if I'm out this way again for business..I'm feeling great!
I was here visiting a friend who just moved here and looked for a good massage. Allison was awesome in every way. Very thorough massage and worked kinks out in my neck I didn't even know I had. Great technique and I loved the environment. Private and peaceful. Very relaxing. Highly recommend!
I normally don't write reviews, but this place is worth it!! I was in a lot of pain and was desperate for a massage. I called last minute and Allison rearranged her schedule to fit me in! This was like finding a needle in a hay stack! She worked on muscles I never knew I had! I was walking without pain when I left! I will definitely be back!
I saw Ali for the first time a month ago. I had so much pain in my neck and shoulders, I could barely move. The next day I felt like a new person. She is definitely the most knowledgeable and thorough massage therapist I have ever seen. I have already had my second appt and it was just as fabulous as before.
Went to Jessica last week and she was awesome. Place was nice and quiet and really was so happy with the massage I received and cannot wait to go back!!
What a great body and soul experience with a unique customized style to fit your needs. Allison is as good as all the reviews mentioned. Loved the calming music in a great setting for a relaxing massage. Great communication and flexibility in schedule. Can't wait to go back. 

Great to final have a great massage place to go to instead of franchising locations. 

Thank you so much Allison
I met Ali Giaccone when I needed to hire multiple massage therapists for an event. Her professionalism was head and shoulders above the other therapists I hired that day and I kept her card for the future. 

Like many people, I carry my stress in my back and shoulders and I need a deep tissue massage to really dig in to those spots (no wimpy Swedish massages for me!). I first went in with terrible pain and got a 60 min massage. She did the best she could and recommended I come back for a 90 min the following week, my stress and pain were that severe. I did as suggested and the 90 min was exactly what my body needed. I've never looked back and always get the 90 min now. 

Ali changed offices and now works out of her charming old duplex home in Cornelius, just down the street from OTPH and the elementary school. It's peaceful and relaxing from the moment you walk in. 

Ali is outstanding at homing in on where the pain is stemming from. Sometimes she hits a spot on my back and I can feel it clear up to my ear. She knows the body and underlying muscles well and knows by feel where to press and alleviate the stress and tight muscles.  I have a high tolerance because my muscles are *that* tight and she's always equal to the challenge, I suspect she works extra hard to get out my deep-rooted kinks. 

I've never left there without feeling vastly better and vastly improved. I always promise myself that I'm going to make self care a priority and go once a month and I should but don't. We work hard and deserve to take care of ourselves. This is my favorite way to take care of me. I'm going to get into a routine with her because it's good for the body and good for the soul. 

Ali is committed to healthy lifestyle and natural remedies and yoga and she's interesting and engaging to talk to. I'd probably be more apt to book more often if there was an online booking option so I could see her availability when the urge for a massage strikes me. However she's bookable via text and always quickly responsive. 

I've never looked for a groupon or deal from anyone else since beginning to use Ali... I found my perfect massage therapist and highly recommend her (but don't book up all her slots!!!). I kinda hate to share my favorite find!
Or as I like to now call it, magic fingers in Davidson!

Had an awesome massage by Ali. She used some different techniques that really got into my issues (think meditative, deep breathing). I have issues with my range of motion in one arm and she really worked on the "cobwebs" that linger in my shoulder.

The place is a bit out of the way......I thought I was driving into an apartment complex but that actually worked since there was virtually no outside noise.....always helpful.

Would book again!
One hour massage felt like three hours!  Ali is one of the best massage therapists I've experienced.  She was very sympathetic to my problem areas and sincere in her care.  She's dynamite at her profession!!!
Wow! I was on my way to Atlanta and was experiencing severe neck muscle pain. I stopped for the night in Cornelius and searched for a massage therapist. After reading the reviews for Massage in Davidson, I called Allison. She was out of the office but agreed to meet me in 30 minutes. After explaining the location of the pain, she went to work. After an hour, my pain was virtually eliminated. My only complaint is that I don't live close by to enjoy this experience again and again. 
Thank you Allison!!!
I needed a flange welded onto my exhaust. I went to two other mechanics in the area for inspection and other services, and they quoted me prices 2-3 times higher than what I actually ended up paying at DBE. Plus, I needed new wiper blades and they did not seem to have any interest in trying to capitalize on the opportunity to gouge at all! Extremely quick service, honest, no gimmicks, no marketing posters from big chains all over the shop, just like their sign says, honest work for an honest price or something like that.
Loved their service both the times!! As the name suggests, they are really dependable!! First the flex pipe for my 1999 Nissan Sentra was broken and they fixed it in a couple of days for just $120. Other mechanics in Pittsburgh didn't even know where to get the part from as it is a pretty old car. Second, they also passed the inspection of my same car that Firestone guys rejected to pass quoting me a ridiculous $1300 bill to get the inspection passed. Thanks guys for always being professional and for your good customer service. I would definitely go back to them and they would be my first and foremost mechanics before doing anything with my car.
Dependable, honest, reliable. 
This is a mechanic any woman can trust.
This place is great. I came here because of the reviews. I had a flex pipe with a hole in it.  I scheduled my appointment a week out because they are busy.  I arrived promptly for my Saturday appointment and my car was immediately take in to be diagnosed.  They quickly came out and quoted me a reasonable price for a new flex pipe.  I gave the ok and was out of there in an hour total.  These guys are professional, prompt and the work done was great.  I would definitely come back.
Fantastic service at honest prices.  They fixed my rusted exhaust for a fraction of what Pep Boys wanted to charge.  They fixed exactly what was wrong - nothing more and nothing less.  These guys are definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a place to take your car for repairs in the South Hills.
The process continues as I feel better with each treatment. Their method is gentle but powerful. I don't like so called activators and they use a hands on approach. They showed me a way help reduce inflammation for wife, resulting in great relief for her between sessions.
Dr. Lina and Dr. Moses are both incredible and friendly! Alexis is the best office manager I have ever interacted with, and I've been to a lot of doctors offices! The whole team has worked with me as I set up a plan for chiropractic wellness care. I get more passionate about chiropractic work and the Gonstead method each time I go. I drive from Tempe because I believe these are the best doctors with the best plans and care for their patients.
Moses and Lina are amazing and focus on your neurological system using up to date technology! Highly recommend them!
This place is beyond basic chiropractic care. From the X-rays to the targeted approach in repairing the body, they are amazing! I'm so thankful I found them and made the time in my schedule to go. Also brought my 16 month old. With a very different approach, Dr. Lina was so gentle and took her time with the little one. Thank you Pure Life!
I visited Pure Life for the first time this week. It was a fantastic experience. Beautiful location. Lina did my evaluation and was incredible. She showed me the results of my nerve and back muscle scans. It was incredible to see the results match up with where I feel back pain and stress. I'm looking forward to my follow up appointment and treatment.
Dr. Moses and Dr. Lina have together helped my neck and mid back feel much better.  I no longer have regular headaches or numbness in hands!
This establishment is absolutely stunning and the staff were so welcoming and friendly. I cannot wait to return. Dr Moses and Dr Lina have a beautiful philosophy on health and are going to be such an asset to the Scottsdale community.
You are in great hands with Dr. Moses and Dr. Lina and their team.  Their new office in Scottsdale has state of the art technology but is warm and inviting.  They really care about the people they serve and it shows.  I trust them with my health and my family's health.  Thanks for all you do to help people feel better!!!
So just a quick update here... once you go in for your intial visit you will then be asked and scheduled for a10 minute follow up presentation during which time you will receive any necessary adjustments. Also during this session your will be given your results from your previous visit... your treatment options will be discussed...and finally your payment options which are very flexible and budget friendly. I can't say enough good things about this establishment and I hope after a year of treatment... which was my own personal choice... that I can continue to say good things.
I cannot say enough good things about this place.  From the beginning you set foot thru the door you are so welcomed.  I am so lucky to have found them.  So thorough in your first visit and they go over your xrays with you before adjusting blindly like most chiropractic places do.  I have been going for a few months now and I was in so much pain suffering every day.  My pain is gone gone gone!!! I have never received results like this.  And Dr. Lin will go above and beyond to make it work financially for you.  Both Dr. Moses and Dr. Lin are so kind and caring.  I'm so happy to have found them.
Lina & Moses have a fabulous approach. I am getting fast and instant improvements in motion. More flexible. Less pain. Plus, great people. I am a fan and recommend you check them out.
Well let me start with the facility itself... absolutely stunning. Now I have to admit when I first arrived I was a little concerned because the place was so serene and has this very daunting hallway... Lol
Honestly it is just my love for horror films that got my imagination going. Speaking of imagination Alexis the office manager may be one of the happiest people I have ever met. It's almost scary especially when you speak to her over the phone... Lol. However when you meet her in person you will quickly learn and witness the fact that she just loves her job. She really puts you at ease when you walk in and her professional demeanor is top notch.

The day I visited I was seen by Dr. Moses Corbel. May wife recommended this locale because she knows I love Cutting edge technology. Moses and his staff don't disappoint in this area as all the scans he performed were very accurate and matched my actual pain points I have experienced over the last year. The most shocking thing about this office was the fact they had an actual X-RAY Machine on-site. Why is that shocking you ask? Well if you live in AZ and are reading this review you know all to well that getting a X-RAY on-site at ANY medical facility is not really an option...Lol.

So why 4 stars instead of 5... well that is because of the expense. I have my follow up today and I will update this review based on what treatment the Doctor recommends and what it will cost me. Eat, Drink and be Merry, my Friends.
Oscar Arnold is the best, great service and friendly, recommend him and his office personnel 

Allstate rocks
Excellent customer service!  It cannot get any better!  
Oscar and his team do a fantastic job!
Outstanding customer service! I couldn't imagine going anywhere else in the valley. I feel like a member of the family and couldn't ask for more.
GREAT customer service. Answers all my questions. By far BEST ALLSTATE agent in Phoenix. If there were 10 stars I would give him that. SUPER friendly and nice dimples
Oscar is very friendly and personable. He is honest and straightforward when it comes to insurance. He is very thorough when discussing the different coverages available. He loves his job and it was evident when he helped me. If you are in need of insurance and live in the west valley Oscar is not only a gray choice but the only choice!
Oscar Arnold is a great guy. I would recommend him to anybody looking for a great insurance agent.
First timer here, and I enjoyed it even when the weather god didn't give us his 100% support. I was last minute with my decision in joining my friends (and some coworkers) for the festivities. Ticket was $30, which includes all you can taste beer for almost 4 hours. Frankly that's the main reason I caved in. The other event option of that day is the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ at South Park for about the same admission. Since I never have good experience with events at South Park location, Rural Hill I went.
First of all the location is cool. I know there were other events hosted at Rural Hill, but this was my first time being here.  It's about 30 minutes away from home, but it felt like a world away. Plenty of free parking, good start. I parked closer to the festival, but there was another entrance for the camping crowd. 
There were about 18 breweries listed on the event website, and quite frankly I didn't count. Let's just say there were plenty of choices. I went for the short lines, which tends to be breweries from other places. I don't understand why would anyone line up for the breweries based in Charlotte... hmm... I can just drive to them and drink. 
I had an awesome Tripel Belgium Ale called Devils Tramping Ground from Aviator Brewing Company. I was quite impressed by the NC breweries showing. There was also a home-brew tent, and I tried some interesting things there too (including a ginger cider, a toffee stout or was it a porter).
This was also a music festival, but unfortunately I was too consumed by the brew part and my friends ended up chilling by the campfire and I totally missed the bands... which is a small regret on my end. 
There definitely will be a next time!
If you've followed my love hate relationship with this gym you'll know that my fitness journey has not been without some turmoil - like any relationship. 

So why the bump up from a 1 star to 3 star? A couple of things:

1. I dropped the MMA portion of my membership and now focus solely on the free weights and cardio. It's not the best (weights always out of order and cardio machines down) but attempts are made to rectify the issues. AOK

2. Changes in staff/customer service. I'm finding they're taking a much more proactive approach to customer service, instead of giving you the run around they're much quicker and better at addressing customer concerns. The GM personally makes phone calls to address issues and the clubs owner is on hand every morning 

3. Investment in personal training. I purchased a block of training a while back with Jahmal R. He's a great trainer and is involved with my training and goals and not just being on his phone like many of my previous trainers. 

This should show that any business can do better and deserves a second chance. I cannot say this is the best gym I've been too but it's. It the worst and they've kept me motivated to come regularly (3-5 times a week).
Gym is ok. Fitness membership is a decent price and so is the MMA membership. Equipment's alright, but a lot of roids dudes overtake all the weight equipment. Yoga instructor Sandy is really good. Come here if you want to see a lot of strippers working out. I go there because the two Goodlifes in the area are filled with mould and are gross.
You know, I think I was in a super-good mood when I wrote my first review.  There are some weaknesses to this service, mainly the fact that you can't choose the items yourself.  You have to rely on the buyers and pickers at the warehouse.  Sometimes the produce arrives in a state you didn't anticipate, like VERY unripe or smaller than you would expect, for example.  If faced with this item in a store, you might pass on it.  You have to measure this against the convenience of having it delivered to your door.  Having said that, ANYTIME I've been unhappy with something, they've refunded me with no hesitation.
I've been using this delivery service for almost a year now, and generally speaking I am pretty happy with it.  I've even developed a taste for kale and other veggies I likely wouldn't choose myself.

For the price, I think it's a decent deal.  The quality of the items isn't always top notch, but considering it's organic produces, I don't expect to have completely unblemished apples.  I've had a few items arrive a little battered up.  Twice when I've reported squashed bananas or rotten potatoes, I've been offered a choice of replacement produce delivered with my next order with no questions asked and absolutely no hassle.  And for the record, the delivery system is very reliable.  I have never had a single problem with it.
so far so good, they have treated me well even while using a Groupon which is rare. I will keep you posted on this place as the seasons change
"Open 24-hours" - the neon light glows as I'm trudging towards this Timmie's for a caffeine hit and a sugar high. Yup, another 3AM-er here. Staff of the graveyard shift are efficient and friendly. 

There isn't a huge selection post-midnight but you'll have your pick of cookies and timbits. Note - I don't believe that have hot food at the late hour.

P.S. Blueberry tea!
I appreciate Sam & Jerry. They made my moving much easier. They assembled my bed and moved all even very little stuff.
Overall, my experience Movers 4 Less was mixed. On one hand, their service was efficient, professional, and careful. But on the other hand, their pricing seemed a little shady. 

First off, the two movers that they sent were friendly and helpful. They were very accommodating and were very efficient. I would definitely recommend them for service. Although they were late, they did notify me of this before hand, so that's a "plus" in my book. They handled my stuff gently and took care when I separated out my fragile items.

The only issue I had with them (a rather large one, as you can probably tell) was the pricing. Their quote for a simple move was great compared to other movers and they stated that they billed per-hour. However, once they got there and noticed that there were more boxes than they imagined, one of them pulled me aside and told me they were going to be billing me more than their original quote by around 3x. This was the shady part because he had me walk with him to a private area to tell me this. Sure, unexpected costs are a reality, but I had already stated approximately how much stuff I had, was able to pack everything into their truck in one go, and was within the timeframe for the original quote. So 3x the original price seemed very excessive. Because of this, the move ended up being much more than other options we had and was rather unexpected. 

Would I recommend them again? Yes, for their service. However, just be extra careful when you're explaining your move with them to make sure you get an accurate quote or else you might be just as surprised as I was.
Great service from Ray, the manager. Great explanations on the facility, professional service. I recommend this business.
I recently had a moving debacle and needed to find a place for my furniture - fast!  I called Desert Storage on Atchley Drive in Henderson and talked to Ray.  He was extremely helpful and courteous and found me a perfect size quickly (and very reasonably priced).   This was on a Friday and I needed it that following Sunday - two days!  Not a problem for them!  When my furniture arrived, Jeff was there and he was also wonderful.  The place is spotless and very secure.  And, as I said, very reasonable, especially since the unit I had in Orange County was the just a bit smaller and more than twice the cost per month!  I highly recommend Desert Storage on Atchley.  Ray and Jeff will take great care of you and your belongings.
Ray at Desert Storage has helped out my non profit agency with a storage unit. He was very friendly, nice, and easy to work with. I really respect those in the community that help non-profit organizations, so I wanted to take the time to write a positive review. Also the unit is very clean, and there is additional security on the units to keep your belongings safe.
First of all... I got a yelp account just to write a review for these guys because I had such a positive experience!

What an amazing facility this place is! My husband is in the military and for his deployment I moved back home and we kept our things at Desert Storage. It was such a positive experience and I will be going back to them for every deployment from now on! 

It's extremely clean, safe, and welcoming! I have never been inside such a nice storage facility until coming to Desert Storage. What also is nice is that it is located in the Anthem area in a suburb and nowhere near the freeways. It just helps knowing that all of your belongings are safe and away from the craziness in Las Vegas.

And last but not least... the staff goes above and beyond to help you out!
Patrick offered me water every time I came out to get something from my unit and I also accidentally broke my trunk while trying to cram in some furniture while unloading my storage unit and he helped me fix it! He was so nice and helped me without hesitation :)

Thanks guys :) We will be seeing you again next deployment!
We just got a storage unit there for the month & the associates Ray & Jeff were absolutely awesome to work with.  So if you ever need to get a storage place check this place out.  You won't be sorry you did.

Debbie W
Desert Storage is a great place when you need a place for temporary storage.   The staff is very friendly and courteous,  and the facility is clean and well maintained.  The storage units are easily accessible and the equipment provided makes loading and unloading easy.  I would recommend this facility to anyone needing storage.
The staff is simply the best, especially Tom.  You'll never find a cleaner storage business anywhere.  They also sell your moving supplies needs at a very reasonable price.  If you have a storage unit you have access to a small van or large truck for free.  Yes, you have to stay in the Anthem area, but that beats going off the hill to rent a truck.  If you need storage, these folks are the ones to deal with.
We had a great experience here. Patrick provided excellent customer service and we were able to quickly and painlessly get a storage unit thanks to him. We would recommend Desert Storage to anyone!
First time experience. Took my 2 sons for lunch. 
Staff was attentive not necessarily warm and friendly
My 14 yr old ordered chicken stir fry came with soup and salad bar. He enjoyed it. Lettuce didn't look fresh to me. He really liked the chicken noodle soup. Tasted like onion soup to me. But not bad. 
My 13 yr old son ordered the country fried steak and eggs. He also enjoyed it. 
I wish I would have ordered that! 
Looked damn good! 
I had the corned beef hash breakfast. Weird. Wasn't a fan. They added peppers, onions and cut up fatty pieces of corned beef to home fries. I picked out the pieces of meat. Eggs were medium sized at best. But the portions were decent sized.
All in all, not a bad experience. I can see it being a neighborhood staple.
Would go back and try something different. .
Getting to the restaurant was tricky because of the current road construction projects.  One we arrived we had to wait in line jammed up by the front door for at least two other couples to be seated; didn't take too long, maybe less than five minutes which gave us an opportunity to review the breakfast menu conveniently posted on the wall where we waited.

Hubby ordered the Ultimate breakfast, latter deemed "his breakfast challenge" because there was so much of it (normally $8.45 or close to it but they agreed blueberry and whipped cream on top of the hot cakes for an additional $1.50 - worth every penny).  I ordered the special avocado bacon eggs bene that came with choice of potatoes ( I ordered hash browns) - the portion was more than I could finish, or a mere $9.99.

Our waitress was nice and once we ordered the food was ready quicker than I thought it would be with a restaurant full of customers.
I believe there is now a new owner and it has been renamed Tony's Family Restaurant. I have only been there a couple of times but I have to say that the food was delicious and the prices great! The service seemed a little better than when it was Grace's.
I really enjoy their breakfast! They make a mean egg white omelette!! I recommend Egg white with Spinach, swiss cheese and onions..with hash browns..oh yummmm. Food is very close to true Jersey diner food! 

I would love to see them remodel..I'm not a big fan of the OLD family restaurants that look like they've been in the same family since 1942 with no changes to the decor. Maybe they will do that next. Hint hint. 
Overall, awesome for what it is!
Came for a late lunch with family on Saturday.  The place was cramped and maybe a little unkempt, but not so dirty that it felt gross.  You get a lot of food for the prices, especially if you get an entrée that comes with the all-you-can-eat soup and salad bar.  I had a tuna melt, which was served cold and needing a bit more flavor.  The fries were good.  The salad bar was fresh and had a decent variety of items.  My husband gave a 'meh' rating to his chicken parmesan.  The whole table was impressed with the beef barley soup, which was thick and hearty.

I didn't see the beer and wine offerings anywhere on the menu.  Maybe they don't have those anymore, or maybe it's only during certain hours.  

I would come back for simple diner fare.
Good home cooking, great prices, overall food was delicious. Get the open faced pot roast. It was so flavorful.  Husband had the burger it was average.
I drove around with the family looking for a decent diner near home.  It took us a while, but we finally found Tony's on Yelp and so we stopped in.  

We were promptly greeted and seated by the lovely hostess.  The waitress took our drink orders.  A minute later, she took our dinner order.  I ordered the chorizo chicken with mashed potatoes and corn.  I was in the mood for good old American food, which is why we came here to begin with.  My wife ordered the Friday special - all you can eat fish fry.  My daughter ordered the Philly cheesesteak, mashed potatoes, and corn.  My son ordered a hot dog and french fries.  

My wife and I were told that the soup and salad bar were included with our dinners.  Bonus!  So off we went.  There were two soups to choose from, Italian wedding and clam chowder.  I went with the clam chowder.  It was hot, tasty, and fresh.  I really liked it and my wife liked the Italian wedding.  We were off to a good start!  Then I went back for a salad.  The salad bar was clean, stocked, and cold.  Everything looked fresh, so I made myself a nice salad.  What do you know!  It was also very good.  Now we're 2 for 2 and my expectations were being set pretty high.

A few minutes later, the food arrived.  It was piping hot and looked very appetizing.  My chorizo chicken was very good as were my sides.  I then tasted my wife's fish, my daughter's Philly cheesesteak, and my son's hot dog and fries.  I noticed a theme: everything tasted great!  These people can cook.  That's all I can say.  Even the pickles were good.  They tasted like yummy Vlasic garlic dill pickles.

I've been longing for a solid diner nearby home and I finally found it.  It's 7 miles away, but it doesn't take long to get there - 10 minutes or so.  Tony's will be my go to diner from here on out.  

The service was great.  The food was hot, oh, and delicious.  Now, Tony's has my family as loyal customers.

For all four meals plus soup and salad bar with two of them, the bill came to $33.  Oh my God!  Good food that's fast and fresh for four for under forty bucks?  Yup!

Plus, they serve several beers, including at least one seasonal.  They also serve a full selection of wine.  This diner is definitely above average.

Tony's is a little inconspicuous diner on the side of Pleasant Valley Road.  It attracts an older crowd, including the group of guys that just sit there chatting and drinking coffee.  

See you at Tony's!
This is a great little family run, quick stop breakfast. The people are friendly, the service is quick, and the food is good. It is definitely not fancy and the prices are low, so don't go in expecting some fancy meal because this ain't it. My husband and I go a few times a month and I have 0 complaints - I think our tab was $12 total the last time we were there?! It is ridiculously cheap and I love it.
First time experience. Took my 2 sons for lunch. 
Staff was attentive not necessarily warm and friendly
My 14 yr old ordered chicken stir fry came with soup and salad bar. He enjoyed it. Lettuce didn't look fresh to me. He really liked the chicken noodle soup. Tasted like onion soup to me. But not bad. 
My 13 yr old son ordered the country fried steak and eggs. He also enjoyed it. 
I wish I would have ordered that! 
Looked damn good! 
I had the corned beef hash breakfast. Weird. Wasn't a fan. They added peppers, onions and cut up fatty pieces of corned beef to home fries. I picked out the pieces of meat. Eggs were medium sized at best. But the portions were decent sized.
All in all, not a bad experience. I can see it being a neighborhood staple.
Would go back and try something different. .
Great for brunch. Everything on the menu looks delicious. Country scramble, corned beef hash, and cinnamon swirl French toast was very good. A variety of Omelettes and Eggs Benedict are also on the menu. Kids loved their meals which is always a plus. Staff is very friendly.
Tony's is consistently hitting it outta the park!  Stopped in again tonight for dinner and we were seated immediately.  The place was nearly packed.  Our drink orders were taken immediately and we all got water.  Then we were asked if we wanted to place our orders.  There is a good selection on the menu and we weren't ready yet.  A couple minutes later, the waitress returned and asked again.  This time, we were ready.  I ordered the veggie stir fry, my daughter ordered the chicken alfredo pasta, the wife ordered a burger with onions and my son ordered chicken tenders with fries.

I then grabbed some Italian wedding soup, which was some of the best I've had and a fresh salad.  They clean and stock the salad bar often.

Within seven minutes, our server was dropping hot plates on our table.  Whoa!  That was fast!  I've seen Mexican restaurants put food out that fast, but never an American diner.  I'm impressed.

The veggie stir fry was very tasty, but I didn't stop there.  I tasted the wife's fries and they were very good.  She gave me a bite of her burger and it had a nice grilled flavor to it.  Yum.  I also tasted my daughter's alfredo pasta, and it too was very good.  Dinners are about $7.99 - $8.99 and that includes the soup and salad bar.  What?  Yep!

Love this place.  Tony's is doin' it right.
Went for breakfast on Mother's Day. We lucked out and were seated right away. We just beat the "rush"! 
Three of us had the "Special" version that day for the Eggs Benedict which came with avocado and bacon. Hell, we wanted to live a little! 
The kids had Micky/Minnie Mouse pancakes.
Food came out fast and was pretty tasty! A little cold but none of said anything to the others or the server. It was Mother's Day after all - probably the busiest day of the year. Besides, we were just glad to have someone cook for and serve us!
Great upper end diner quality and menu wise. They have some great sounding specials during the week that I'm sure we'll come back to try. Like half price burgers on Tuesday's - Mmmmm! A diner burger
The food was good. The service was nice. Anything I asked about whether what's in the food or the deal of the day. The waitress was nice to tell me or go find out if she didn't know. It kinda sucks that the restaurant is near construction but it's not their fault. However, I would come back if I was in the area shopping.
First-time visitor today. Was very pleased. The staff was friendly and helpful. Attentive without hovering. Today was Half Price Burger day so my friend and I each ordered one. Cowboy Burger for me and Bella Burger for her. They were very good. Mine came without the onion rings at first (or this would have been a 5-star rating) but they corrected it right away. Fries were awesome!!!

I would definitely go back!
Great food for the price. Service is excellent. Breakfast is their specialty.
-Old Memories, New Look-

I heard Tony's was a good place to go, mostly hearing good things about their breakfast, so I decided to check it out. I used to go to this business a long time ago when it was called Grace's Grille. It doesn't seem like a lot has changed since then (It doesn't appear to look any different on the outside or inside, the food is very similar, and the clientele may even be the same).

Tony's Family Restaurant is your typical diner, chock-full of dinner specials, early bird deals, and outdated decor. Unlike many older diners, Tony's is a clean place, there aren't a ton of cracked seats or dust lingering in the air. Also, the dining area is very small, so you'll be packed in pretty tightly.

Service was good, we were greeted by friendly faces and seated immediately. The waitresses seemed attentive to every table, including ours, and we placed our order after a few moments of looking over their small menu. I ordered a make-your-own burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, pepper jack cheese, and bacon.

The food took a while to get to our table, but not too long. Everything came out piping hot, almost to the point where you couldn't even pick it up. The vegetables on my burger seemed really fresh, and tasted really good. On the other hand, I had ordered my burger cooked medium, what I got was a well-done burger. I can stomach a well-done burger because that is what I grew up with, and I didn't want to cause a scene or wait for another one. It was alright, but I was hoping to be blown away by the burger with the visuals on the plate, it was very bright.

My girlfriend did enjoy her meal, she got one of their wraps. It was just as hot as my food, but she really enjoyed what she had. She also really liked their fries (I did too).

After we ate, my girlfriend noticed their specials, and she would have gotten one of them if we had seen them earlier. We weren't made aware of any of their specials, so be prepared to look them over when you get into the door.

All in all, it was an okay experience. Great servers, quick service, and food that's on par. It's a cheap place to eat and I would say it's alright, if you don't mind eating around people that are 70+ years old. If you are 70+ years old, then this is your spot.

I think I may return for breakfast in the future, and I may even give their dinner a second chance.
Great spot for simple breakfast and lunch.   The farmers skillets was very good as was the cinnamon French Toast.  Service was pretty good even on a busy Sunday morning and the food came out fast.
For YEARS I've tried to go short, but don't have a face to pull it off - or so I thought. These people are friendly, helpful, and for the first time since I started my quest for short, easy to maintain hair YEARS ago (hey, growing out bad haircut after bad haircut takes a long time), I finally have a cut I am SUPER happy with!! I've not yet tried their other services, but for haircuts? I'll never go anywhere else!!
I just had my hair cut by Rose who was friendly and knowledgeable. The shop has a very community-oriented atmosphere like you'd find in a barber shop - like people are there as much for the conversation as the hair services. I have been looking for an affordable, friendly place to have my hair cut with a stylist who is willing to try new things but also knows what is best for my hair type. I have definitely found it in Shear Sensations and I will definitely be getting my hair cut on a far more regular basis now that I have a place to go! The only downside is that they are only open Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday but they have late hours to accommodate 9-5ers like myself.
I had just moved into Morningside and was desperate for a good haircut. After stopping by Pixie Salon, who was too busy for a walk in, I ended up a Shear Sensations. They took me immediately. The salon is clean, professional, and pretty simply designed. Up front they have a small waiting areas and in addition they offer a pretty impressive selection of  high end hair products. They offer full hair services, massage, facials, waxing, and nail services. The staff was friendly and inviting. They even gave me a welcome packet with some chocolates and a coupon for a massage or nail services! My hairdresser was awesome. He was friendly, chatty, and evened out my mess of a hairstyle. The wash, cut and blowout was only $26. I would strongly recommend this place to others.
Always a great cut, almost painless hair removal and easy conversation.  Love this place.
Tried this lovely place last night, after Tenshi on 10th street was too busy. I am glad I got to try Sushi Club. 
As a vegan, my choices at a sushi restaurant are often limited. In fact, when one of my friends invited me out for sushi, the other who was with us was like, "Uh... Sushi? Aren't you uh... you know. Well, there's fish in sushi."
However, Sushi Club had some pretty good veggie rolls with asparagus, avocado, cucumber, sprouts, mango, etc.. We also grabbed the typical cucumber avocado maki and drank lots of tea. Our friend got one of the combos, giving the chef free reign of what he served up, and apparently it was very good. The restaurant itself is pretty gorgeous, and I loooove the authentic Japanese pottery everywhere. EVEN THE GARBAGE CAN WALKING OUTSIDE LOOKS LIKE A GIGANTIC BEAUTIFUL JAPANESE POTTERY THING. 
Having had some pretty terrible sushi experiences in Calgary, where nightmares of stale, chewy nori have kept me up at night, Sushi Club has slightly redeemed the sushi experience for me. 
High five.
First time having Sushi in Calgary. We were recommended to go to Zen 8 and after a very hard time finding the place we opted to search via Tom-Tom. It got us to this wonderful little place Sushi Club. It was great. The crispy spicy tuna was out of this world. We ordered 2. california roll, fabulous. All in all the food was great service was terrific, friendly and the place ws clean!
this is the best sushi i've had in calgary so far.

i took a star off not for taste, but rather because it was pretty expensive. a lunch meal for two (including beers) came out to $110 CAN + tip. granted we were 2 big guys who ate way more than necessary, but still, i can't give this place a "perfect" rating unless everything is spot on.

definitely a good place to go on a date. we showed up at 12.30pm on a weekday, and the place was packed. we had to wait for 15 minutes before we were seated.  that's always a good sign. a few locals just ordered some of the food by phone and got it take - out. they got the delicious and fresh fish without waiting in the line. well played.
Fresh sushi!!
Gotta love it.

Service was good and friendly.
Quality is excellent.
Nothing pretentious, just good sushi.
It's now on my Fav list for sushi.
Pricing was good too - when some places charge a premium for average, this place delivers premium at a regular joe price!!

If you are in Kensington and are looking for great sushi .... this is the place.
It'll be busy so plan ahead.
Plan to take your time too. Everything is prepared and delivered at a nice leisurely pace :-) 

Plain Old Awesome!
I am happy with this place. You can get a good to great massage here and usually they're able to get you in fairly quickly. It's clean, inviting, and you're generally able to relax. One thing that bugs me is the loud air blowing thru the air registers. I have no idea why it's so loud, but it is, and it can be super cold, so be sure to ask for the bed to be as warm as possible if you get a cold room. Some rooms are colder and the air blows louder than others. The other issue i have is their background music turns off for several minutes or longer randomly. Then you're left with no sound at all, just the air blowing obnoxiously loudly. When i ask, they say that the front desk will have to notice it's off then turn it back on. I give this somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.
Monday and Tuesday special is 2 pieces of chicken with fries for $3.75 plus taxes.

The order taker was very efficient and service was very fast; under 2 minutes and I had my food walking out the door.

I sat on the outdoor patio of 3 octagon picnic tables with umbrellas.  There are 6 bicycle poles to lock up your ride if you peddled your way here.

Now, first thing I noticed was that the 2 chicken pieces were a healthy size along with a lots of fries.  Second, fries had no salt added.  Is it only me but fries salted immediately after they exit the fryer taste different that ones that sit and then salt is added just before consuming.

The chicken was good and moist...not great.  The fries somewhat soggy (probably waiting under the warming lamps for people that thought 2 minutes out the door was a good sign).  No in this case!

So, overall I would say that the store special is good value and it hits the spot for a light dinner.

I'll return but I can't see my rating ever hitting a four star.
I've known about Chick-N-Joy for years. I've also been meaning to go, but there's never been one close enough for me to bother taking the time to go. We were driving home today when I saw the signage for this location, so we stopped by to take a look. At 3pm in the afternoon, there were a surprisingly large number of people inside, especially because this is a takeout only place, unless you count three tables outside on the patio. 

They have a Monday and Tuesday special that's 2 pieces and fries for $3.60, but they're allowing people to order that every day at that price until Aug 31, 2017. The information for that special is a little confusing to understand, and it's not in very big writing, so there it is. Get it while you can. I got it. The fries are kinda like McDonald's fries, insofar as they're on the limp and mealy side. They're thicker cut though. The chicken is less mealy than KFC's, more crispy, and don't give off that nasty KFC aftertaste. The pieces are of decent size. However, it's not the crispiest fried chicken I've ever had and it's also not the tastiest. It's also slightly salty for my tastes. I've had better chicken for cheaper, so I don't think I'll be intentionally making a stop here, but if I'm in the area and I'm craving chicken, I might come again. They have a mixed bean salad as a side, so that's kinda nice.

Best part of this place is the patio. It seems like a really nice place to just chill out.
I normally don't bother with dealing health stores but I have wanted to try out a hydrogen peroxide therapy to help detox the body and I didn't want to wait 5 days for shipping from amazon and this place popped up.

It was relatively close to where I was and whole foods doesn't carry the 35% h2o2 so I stopped by here. Even though the parking was horrible, the store was pretty open and I was greeted by the owner (or I think it was the owner) and he was very friendly.

I asked for my 35% food grade peroxide and he had some, and it was way cheaper than paying for it on amazon.

5 stars for being clutch, and for having cheap prices. 

This is a mom and pop store, check them out if you are in the area.
Wonderful shop for supplements!  Reasonably priced supplements, large selection, and products others don't carry.  Knowledgeable staff.  One product I buy there I don't find elsewhere is Pro Essence by Flora for urinary tract health.  My kidney filtration rate went from 59 to 80 on this product.  They recommended it.
I love Manantial de la salud I go here for my pre workout,aminos,protein pretty much everything.the products are excellent and the employees are very knowledgeable and very helpful. Way better quality supplements than franchise stores.The employees answer all my questions and never tried to push anything on me. I absolutely recommend this store to friends and family.
Come here for pedicures all the time. The salon is clean and they just remodeled for a very modern look. They always do a wonderful job but lots of people come here so it is not uncommon to have to wait. Prices are just right too.
Katie is great, very talented at free hand design. The only thing that's even remotely negative is that her husband thinks that he's a stand up comedian, but it's often very hard to understand him. He also seldom turns it off. If you have patients for people like that, it's a great environment. 
Their prices are very good and the service is better than other salons that I've tried in the valley
Great basic pedicure. It included hot stones which was a nice bonus. Clean salon and friendly staff. I will be back. Made an appointment and had no wait.
Felt the urge to spoil myself so I decided to get my nails done,  and went to the closet place by my house. That was a smart idea! 
This place was awesome,  it was busy and all the employees seemed to know every single customer that walked in, they were quick and my nails look awesome. 
Since moving to Arizona and have lived all over the valley, this has been my best experience at a nail salon. Best news: they are completely inexpensive. 

I definitely will be back in 2-3 weeks for my fill :)

P.S. It is best to call ahead and make an appointment just so you don't get stuck waiting a long time..
Katie and her husband run a clean, well-maintained shop. They do take appointments but you can always try dropping in - on Saturdays, it's just the two of them working so it helps to go ahead and make an appointment. 

Their spa pedicure includes a hot stone foot massage. They offer all those extra treatments like hot wax but they don't push them on you or make you feel like you have ugly feet. Their prices are very reasonable - about $25 for a pedicure. 

Katie does offer spa treatments like waxing but I've not used those services.
After searching for months for a new Mani/Pedi Salon and operator, I found this to be a very good experience. Have been there 4 times with all good work.
Clean and well kept with very good results.
I will return!
I LOVE this place! Friendly and provide great service. I highly recommend to anyone! Everyone at my office goes to Lee for their nails.
Great salon prices are black and white and they don't try to bribe you into other things! Very friendly
The shop has been under new management for about two months. They have already invested in a nice coat of paint and new spa pedicure chairs. They charge a little more than previous owners but still very reasonable prices.
Come here for pedicures all the time. The salon is clean and they just remodeled for a very modern look. They always do a wonderful job but lots of people come here so it is not uncommon to have to wait. Prices are just right too.
Everyone here is so nice! They made the cutest Hello Kitty design on my daughter's toes. We will definitely be back. They accept walk ins and their spa is very clean and bright. It looks like they got new pedicure chairs too which is a bonus! The basic Pedicure comes with a foot and leg massage and you can add extras based on other things you need like salt scrub or paraffin wax.
My girlfriend visits Jenny at KT every time we fly to Arizona. We have yet to find a comparable manicure or pedicure near our home in Ohio. Jenny is just that good, and her prices are incredibly low.
Excellent work by May for Mani and Pedi.
I recently moved to the area and needed my nails done. I just drove around until I found a place, and I came upon KT Nails. 

It was a monday evening, and I was the only one when I walked in. I was instantly greeted and escorted to a seat. I got a gel polish, and a pedicure. The service was great and the price was good as well. 

Lots of other people came in while I was getting serviced, and the staff was very friendly. 

I want to check out a couple other places in the area, but I can see myself going back.
We have gone well over 10 times, sometimes as a family, sometimes just my daughter and I. But everyone is delightful, and they try hard to get you in and out. Too many places think you want to make a day of it...for me, if it takes more than an hour I'm out.
I have lived in Tempe for well over a decade and tried numerous shops since my favourite one closed 5+ years ago. This one is the best. I only took one star off because the last time we went the tech cut my beloved's nails a bit short and he started to get an ingrown nail from it. But we will definitely be back.
This place is good. They are available to see me unlike the place across the street. They do a great job on my nails and are reasonably priced.
As much as I hate the whole LCBO franchise, at least they carry Unibroue's La Fin du Monde and Blanche de Chambly. They have a decent selection for an LCBO, arguably better than the Beer Store around the corner.
This new and more spacious LCBO is between Markham Street and Palmerston Boulevard has a growing vintages section. It's behind the shell of the former Latvian House originally built as a Masonic Temple in 1911. The former and smaller LCBO at 549 College St by Euclid moved to 491 College St on May 29, 2018. That location and parking is becoming a mid-rise condo and commercial building.
We buy all our pool necessity's here. Not only are the prices great, but the customer service is exceptional. Always willing to help and answer all your questions.
Our pool has been crystal clear since we have been coming here and using their products. They are honest and don't try to oversell you a bunch of useless chemicals.
Amazing pool company. Small company, way better than the big companies just out to make money. We have had nothing but great experiences with our pool remodel and purchases in store
Great service and always very helpful. I like helping local business and I have been going to them since I got my pool. Going on my 3rd season. They are happy to test your water and give direction on how to make it sparkling clean.
This is my go to store for pool care and help.  Staff is always helpful and friendly. 90% they offer me coupons to save money when I don't have one on hand.
It's not the most organized space inside the store but don't let that upset you- the service I got here was outstanding. 

I did not grow up with a pool in my backyard but for the past two summers I've lived with a 10 foot deep diving pool that gives me fits. It gets yellow algae growth the moment I turn my back on it for 24 hours, the chlorine levels and pH are never steady and I should probably hire a pool service company but I like a challenge. 

Storms with wind and rain and me working overtime a few days in a row = a very green pool and I knew I had to do something to make it pay for its insolence. 

The other pool supply stores seem more about selling you their products than really solving your issues but that wasn't how I felt at Northwest. I explained the deal with my green pool and I was prescribed Coppercide and 8 gallons of liquid chlorine. 

HASA Coppercide is only $20 a bottle which beats buying two cans of Yellow Gone at WalMart for $25 (which never kills ALL of the algae anyhow), and that bottle + the chlorine annihilated the algae in my pool. 

Instead of $5 bags of shock, I'm going with the liquid chlorine from now on. Much cheaper and more effective and advised by the person who stood to profit the most from "selling" me something more than I needed- the owner's wife.

The HASA products seem to work better in general and I haven't really seen them on the shelves at other local stores.
I just visited this pool store today for the first time.  Both the owners are awesome people who are so knowledgeable, friendly, and most importantly honest.  Steve the owner explains things so novice pool owners like myself can understand.  He is open to help and explain pool issues and solutions.  He is so gracious in showing you how things can be restored/refurbished and makes a customer feel confident in his skills.  His wife, Bonnie is just as knowledgeable and has such a warm and welcoming manner.  I want to thank them both for validating my decision to continue to support small businesses like Northwest Pool--and drive a little further to find outstanding service.  Thank you both for being such dedicated small business owners, who truly do put customers first.  Christine
I would like to say that Steve, his wife and the staff always made me feel welcome. I love the chlorine they provide they have a great member program and are very fair with their prices. Steve always has solutions to your pool problems. He has been around and will continue to be for a long time.
This is the best pool place in town. The chain store always overcharges. Steve and his team are always knowledge and helpful. I have never felt like I was spending too much money. I love in Verrado and it is worth the drive to be a valued customer that is treated honestly.
I had my pool done with pebble tech and it looks beautiful, I had an issue with the new led light stopped working but Bruce came right out and had a new one put in. Thank you Bruce for always returning my texts right away . Bruce was right about making sure to oversee the work and informing me of what and when they were coming .
Jody was very helpful today.  They are always very nice when you go in and are willing to help and at least with me they never try and sell me something I don't need.
I've been trusting Northwest Pool & Spa (Steve & Bonnie) for over 20 years and in the various locations they've had their business.  I've used some of the other "big name" pool supply stores that are closer to my address, but they are always pushing product (and expensive product) on their customers.  Not so at NW Pool & Spa.  

They'll help you with all your questions and only recommend what they truly believe will work.  They also have a coupon program with HASA that keeps costs under control.  You will NOT go wrong making this fine company, the owners and their employees your trusted source for all things pool related (I don't know about the Spa side since I don't have a spa).  I've never been steered wrong by them.

Keep up the good work!
I like the staff and they have a lot of knowledge.  The owners, they are wonderful and I refer them out all of the time.  Better priced than other pool places in my area.  This place has also saved me a lot of money by explaining things and not selling me items that I really do not need.  I like the chlorine exchange they offer.  Less plastic in our environment.   Family business and I ALWAYS support family run stores.  They have recently extended hours which is really nice because is was a hard push at times to get there after work.  This works out great for us and sure others too!  I highly recommend Northwest Pool and Spa for anything and everything needed for pool services.
Super friendly and knowledgeable staff, we like the chlorine exchange system they have since it means less waste on plastic bottles in the dump.  They have a great selection of items in stock.
best prices, awesome service steve the owner actually cares about giving you best prices and service, the staff  takes time to help you get what you really need ! and will send you to competitors if they don't have  it ....i have a pool that's 28,000 gal one of the biggest in the whole area built in 72 redone in 2005
Great place, the staff is eager to help and save their customers money in the long run. They are very honest and go out of their way to help.
Amazing and honest customer service. They are very knowledgeable and won't sell you anything you don't need! Highly recommend them!
Always our go-to store for supplies and service. Had to leave town and sure enough, the day we need to leave, a pool equipment failure. Had several calls with Mike while out-of-town. He was always concerned about cost and doing the job right. A real pro. Highly recommend northwest pool and spa.
We had heard about them through a friend, and after diner out Thursday night we drove by B&L Pool Supplies and they were closed. The gentleman i spoke to was walking around inside and waived, pointed to his watch, shrugged his shoulders and walked into the dark of the back of the store. With that we called NorthWest Pool Supplies the next day and woman who answered the phone answered all my questions pleasantly and discovered that there prices were LOWER and bad a better selection with many choices.
Very knowledgeable on all types of pools and pool needs. Puts the Hillbillies at B&L pools to shame. we have seen the light and will drive 5 miles when B&L is less than 200 yards across 43rd Ave.

Convert for Life,
Local Pet is an awesome pet store that is run by Brad, who used to work at the beloved Smiley's Pet Pad in Shadyside, and he carries a lot of the same stuff as Smiley's did, like Fromm pet food and high quality treats, toys, beds, etc. I love going there because I love supporting a local business instead of the huge chains like PetSmart. I would highly recommend stopping by.
This is a really cute little store with nicely chosen high quality products. The owner is very friendly, and the parrots will say "hello" when you enter! Check it out!

Pet food, cat litter, pet beds, toys, collars, etc. are sold here.
I stopped in here with my pup, Moose, after a quick trip into Point Breeze Vet #2 right next door. Since my boy was so good at his vet visit, naturally I had to buy him a prize! The store was lovely and had a wide selection of toys, treats, and food. The prices were quite reasonable and you could tell that the owner/clerk was passionate about what he does. I'll happily stop here again in the future for more toys and treats.
BONUS: added a pic of my boy with his new prized possession.
I need to lower my rating. My love for how tasty and consistent St. Louis wings are has not changed. It's the service that truly needs help.

The staff there are friendly. We were a group of roughly twenty folks saying goodbye to a fellow colleague last Tuesday. His manager booked a reservation for us.

Our software development team comes here often. Service at this establishment as of late has been bad.

It was Tuesday, meaning that you can get wings for half price. I ordered two pounds of wings. I chose honey garlic and sweet chili as my sauces. It came with fries. I also ordered a Diet Pepsi. I ate half my wings and packed the rest home when I finally got my order.

I placed my order at around noon. Our server was jotting down everyone's names. I thought that things were getting better service-wise. Nope. So wrong.

In our group, I was the last person to get my order. A fellow colleague came in later than I did (12:35 pm) and got her food first before everyone else!

I was the last person to get my food, waiting for over an hour. I thought that I was going to die. Luckily, I have enough fat stored around my belly that I snapped out of hangry mode! 

As soon as I heard my Brazilian developer say that his wings weren't what he had ordered, I knew that he was munching on my lunch order. Yep, she, my server, had given him my order. Ugh!

I finally got my order. My software development manager advised me to not give a tip. I rarely don't tip, but I had to. It was just not right.

(187)
I came here for a quick bite with my coworker. 

It was half price appetizers day, so we got the deep fried pickles, which we demolished in seconds. They were fantastic. We each got wings and a salad. I ordered suicide (sauce on the side for optimal crunch). It was pretty spicy, but not insanely so. Let's just say, I'm still alive. The wings themselves were crispy but a bit on the overcooked side, so they were a bit dry, and smaller than I hoped for. 

Service was pleasant and they have a patio overlooking the parking lot out front.
The food here is good and the staff is friendly. They are under new management and they have a lot of work to do. You can find some dust flying around the air the but a little dust never hurt anybody :) 

Hope the new management can improve this location ascetically cause that mouse trap by the service door doesn't help my already skeptical presentation of this St. Louis wings. 

But all in all the food is good just don't know if I trust it.
I went in on Saturday night and the place wasn't very full so I was a little worried about this place. The service was good and the beers were cold! I ordered the Saturday special (full rack for 19.99)  I have never had a Mcrib from McDonalds but I would bet they taste better than these ribs. I've been to St Louis and had ribs and on the worst day you couldn't get rib like this.  The sauce is bland and then taste was just average. 

Look for other places when in the area.
Dining room is dark and dingy.   So we settled for the patio with the jumbo jets rumbling by every 5minutes or so.  

The wings were average at best.  They were out of Corona beer.  My friend ordered mike's hard lemonade, they were out of that.  Then he ordered Smirnoff, they were out of that as well.   Nonetheless, we ordered the draft beer that was on sale...since they were out of everything we liked to drink.  

The wings were average quality, and the beer...well it's typical draft.  

Our waitress, Tamara was very pleasant and professional.  

The washrooms had no soap and no sanitizer...really!?  C'mon this is a wing place, how the hell you supposed to wash your hands. 

The service was overall good. The atmosphere below par.  I probably wouldn't come here again.  Just bring ear plugs or learn sign language if you want to sit on the patio.
I came here in the summer twice and sat on the patio and we really enjoyed it, the lady who served us was really friendly and nice and the food was pretty good.
I came here again in the spring and it just was not the same.. The dining room is so unattractive and not welcoming. Half of my food was cold and I did not enjoy it at all. 
My sister in-law got quesadillas but then when she turned them over they were extremely burnt. Obviously the chef knew he did something wrong because he turned them over.. We told the waitress and she was mad at US for some reason! We asked if we can get the quesadilla off the bill and she called us difficult?
The waitress had an attitude with us as soon as we walked in, she didn't have a note pad so in the middle of our ordering she left to tell the chef what to make, very bad service too. If she doesn't like her job then she shouldn't work there.
Ali helped me the purchase of my home in central / downtown Vegas. 

Understanding that there are a wide variety of homes in a wide variety of conditions in this area, it can be a very daunting task to find the right home at the right price in this area (this is my third purchase in this area). That having been said, Ali was very diligent even when the first attempt at buying soured due to a failed inspection and an angry seller / agent. In the end, though, I ended up with a great house in the neighborhood I wanted at a price I could afford and definitely couldn't have done it without her. 

Real estate agents are a dime a dozen in this town. I've bought and sold several homes in the Valley. So, to find an agent that really wants to help you find what you really want versus what will make them the most money as quickly as possible is a rare find. 

Highly recommended.
Awesome person, awesome realtor. Handles everything like your her only client. She truly cares about what is best for you and your family and isn't just after the dollar. She's one of a kind in the real estate world!
We purchased our home long distance. Ali was beyond awesome in how she helped us to find our perfect home in a new city. Her attention to detail, real estate knowledge and superb customer service makes her one of the best in the industry.
if you were willing to line up for roughly an 1 hour + you were able to check out a dope showcase of rare Jordan's. Restocks of rare shoes like Don C's, the AJ11 72-10's, OVO 10's, but no everyone was that lucky. Dope set up with enough to see and plenty of apparel to check out. Hope these types of pop-up shops come back around. Giving it a solid 4 's cause if you're into shoes it's a must see. Not a 5 cause I wish there were more hard to get releases available. "But you know how that shit go"
My first time to Toronto and was excited to see the "Jordan Store". The set up is nice. Nice spacious layout. Not all I thought it would be. The selection of shoes seemed kind of low seeing that Jordan has SOOOOOO MANY types of shoes including alll the different color ways. I wasn't impressed. Although I read about the weight room they have, it was closed at the time I was there to see it. 

They do have this dope option to get tees special made along with custom laser on black shoes. The tees you have to buy there (white, grey, or black colored) and then you simply get a shoe silhouette coloring sheet (only Jordan 1s, 4s, 6s options). Color it any way you like and then it can get printed on your tee. I didn't do it but seen/Heard/asked about it. 

There is a downstairs part for kids which wasn't much (terrible selection imo). It connects to the shopping center I believe. We didn't walk through to check it out.
The best gluten free pizza I've had in Pittsburgh. The staff cleaned the oven to make sure that I had a safe eating experience.  The price for a gluten free pie is pretty high, but the work they put into it made the price well worth it. I wish that I could have their pizza everyday!
After seven years of hearing how great this place was/is, my family and I decided to give them a try... Boy we were not disappointed! We ordered a large one topping pizza with there "sweet sauce" and it did not disappoint extremely flavorful and tasty. The crust was seasoned with a (hint) garlic mix- Best of both worlds eating pizza and having a yummy breadstick to finish it off.  The four out of five (constructive feedback) the center of the pizza was slightly soggy, in the future I believe it can be fixed just by cooking the pie a little bit longer. We definitely will be back.
Food is always pretty solid. If you pick up and they say 30-35, just go in an hour and then wait there for 5 more minutes. I cannot comment on delivery because I am not trash. Sweet sauce is the way to go. Get the garlic sauce.
I'll give them four stars because they are hard working, nice people, and located about 3 mins from me. It's a tough business. I like to support local businesses. Now on to the food: their pizza is very good.  The Italian hoagie is average. I think it's the roll they use that doesn't cut it for me. The fries are not hot...warm to room temp. Not disappointing and nobody is perfect. I'll be back.

Not sure how else to respond, Patyn, but thank you for reaching out. Thats impressive! I ordered today at 4:57pm and picked up at 5:34pm, which was the expected time. No worries, it happens.
PV Mall's food court needs updating, but that doesn't affect my opinion of Wetzel's.  

The employees are nice and very accomodating.  The pretzels are fresh each time I get there, 

I like the pretzel bits, cinnamon and salted, or the buttered salted pretzels. Oh-oh Now I'm starting to crave them! Frozen lemonade, please!

I also appreciate they support the Phoenix Mercury, our WNBA team.  Time for pretzels!

Thanks Wetzels!
Never heard of the cheese meltdown pretzel, but it looked like it was glimmering behind the window and needed to be tried. A Pretzel with cheese crisped in the oven and if retained its Chewiness after you crunch through the outer surface. This one goes for about $4.50, but you won't need dipping sauce, so it's a good deal at the ole mall food court.
Wetzel's Pretzel is a great place for a snack. 

Their pretzel flavors are interesting and I like them all with the except their Apple Cinnamon, which is over the top bitter. 

The PV Food Court is somewhat basic, with a lot of second tier fast food choices. The only real restaurant closed about eighteen months ago and the space is still empty.  

Wetzel's is located in the Food Court, near the Picture Show movie theater and the Carousel. They do a nice job and their major competitor Auntie Anne's, is located at the other end of the Mall near JC Penny's. 

We like this is a Mom 'n Pop operating, where the family is there managing the business. Good people! We'll be back!
The Chandler Symphony performs free (donations welcome) concerts several times a year. They normally meet at the Chandler Arts Center, but will meet in Ahwatukee for the next season. I attended three concerts this season and all were excellent. I highly recommend attending.
My date and I attended a free concert last Friday night - spectacular! I'm so glad we discovered this talented group of people!!! We will be back!!!

A solid 5 stars!!!
Jack and Alex are very talented conductors for the Chandler Symphony.  The concerts are fabulous!
The Chandler Symphony Orchestra is a wonderful way to spend the evening!  All of their concerts are free, which is great, and they perform at the Chandler Center for the Arts so it's a great venue too.  I've been attending their concerts since I moved back to the Valley about three years ago and they are just wonderful.  The musicians are excellent and the concerts are very well planned out.

A great option when attending a Chandler Symphony Orchestra concert is to get lunch or dinner (depending on when the concert is) in Downtown Chandler first then walk over to the Chandler Center for the Arts for the performance.

Their pops concert is always fun with special guest artists and exciting, fast-paced music that everyone knows and loves.

If you are looking for a wonderful and special evening activity, I highly recommend the Chandler Symphony Orchestra!
Let's go to "meet chicks and wieners?" ... haha ... that's exactly what I said to my friends who were from out of town but we actually wanted to try this place out.   This place used to be Chicken Bonz ... I love the chalkboard wallpaper where they have pickup lines all over the restaurant.  

Amazing staff ... everyone there is helpful and super friendly.  Everyone has a good attitude

There was a bunch of us so we tried a little bit of everything.  

I would recommend fried wings flavored garlic salt and pepper and the cottage fries.  The cost is a little pricey but the atmosphere of having great service and good food to me is always a reason to return.
As a Vietnamese person, I highly recommend this place for pho, bun, and/or ca phe sua da. The pho broth is the best in comparison to the other pho competitors within the vicinity. Their drinks are delicious, but seriously, get their Vietnamese iced coffee if you want to stay awake for the rest of the day. Such refreshing scents and tastes here. 

This is the best Vietnamese spot in East Chinatown that the GTA's got to offer.
the bun and fish sauce were awesome.
the pho beef did not disappoint.
flavours, smells all authentic. prepared fresh onsite.
ladies were friendly.
informal and no-nonsense atmosphere.
go here if you're craving proper viet food!
Im torn about this place.  I've been a few times and have enjoyed their pho and other times it's  a tad bland.  I like they have various size for pho as some other places only have 1 size.  But what is consistant and soooo addictive is their assorted mixed meat fresh rolls.  You get a huge platter of meat where you roll yourself.  It's awesome and highly addictive.  I love it sooooo much!!!!  

Their service is always kind and warming...I just had a couple of experience where the broth is a touch bland.  But of course I keep coming back so the food is of good quality.
Nice service. Ordered vermicelli grilled pork, everything is good except the pork. It was kind of dry
Bomb food yo!!! So good that I didn't even complain a bit! So bomb so good! Very cool very tasty I like it!
I found the hu tieu thap cam kho a bit bland compared to kimbo/kimpo but I think it's because this place doesn't use MSG in their broth. Overall me and my girlfriend enjoyed our meals and will definitely come back.
The owners here are all very friendly. I go to Mi Mi when I crave porkchop and chicken on rice. I usually get them to make me a sunny side up egg as an extra. This dish here is one of their better dishes. I find that Vietnamese restaurants in general usually have a few dishes they are known for - whereas everything else is ok. 

Their pho and vermicelli dishes are just all ok. Their rices dishes are better than most other viet places. They are also known for their shrimp dumplings in broth with noodles on the side as well. Everything is preference and this place is above average then most Vietnamese restaurant. 

I have been coming here for years and 95% of the time their dishes are quite consistent. However, there are those odd times where their dishes have been disappointing. You cannot rule this place out, there is a reason why they are able to charge a little more for their dishes than the other Vietnamese restaurants nearby and why they are usually quite busy.
Ever since the Pho 88 at Broadview and Gerrard closed down, I haven't had a goto Pho place in the East Chinatown.  However I had always heard good things about Mimi so after cardio training/hill running at the Riverdale Park, about 6 other team members and myself decided to give the pho at Mimi's a try.  One thing to mention - if you have never ordered a fresh fruit smoothie to enjoy with your Pho, you are missing out.  

Service - we came at around lunch hour on a Sunday and the restaurant was about half full 30 mins after we arrived.  We had the most people in our group with 7.  2 people were working as servers, one was probably the owner.  Food took significantly longer than the expected (for a pho restaurant) to come out.  We had to remind them about our smoothies, which came almost after we were finished eating.  There was probably a 30 minute delay in between the first smoothie and the last smoothie (ordered 7)

Smoothie - the mango smoothie was tasty, however it tasted like it was made from mango nectar rather than the actual fruit.  My team member had the avocado and said it was good.  Another team member ordered the jackfruit and said it was terrible with no flavour.  I had the sour sop and it was alright - it would have better if the flavour was stronger.

Sizes - Sizes at pho restaurants are a hit and miss. Sometime you get a gigantic bowl for a large and sometimes you get a bowl the size of a small.  At Mi Mi's, there is hardly a noticeable difference between the small and the large.  Many of our guys were shocked when the bowls came out.  In short, bowls are small - order a larger size.  

Pho - I tasted the rare beef and beef balls noodle.  The broth was very clean and tasty - not as oily as the soup at Train.  Noodles were fresh.  Tasted like what pho should taste like.  

Vermicelli with grilled beef and spring rolls (bun) - nothing that stands out here.  I've had better elsewhere  There was an interesting taste to the spring rolls.  Fish sauce was quite bland.  Unimpressed.

Overall, I would come back for the Pho or try something else on the menu.
If you happen to be in the area and feel like having Vietnamese food, this is a great spot. However, I don't recommend going out of your way just to eat here.

We went on a Saturday at around 2pm and it was a little busy. I had the bún with beef, sugar shrimp and spring roll for about $10-12. It was delicious!
Some of the best viet spring rolls in town. Their fresh shrimp rolls always used crisp fresh roll, with fresh lettuce. The spicy peanut sauce is delicious as well. 

Always enjoyed their vermicelli and rice with grilled meats. 

Atmosphere is very simple and home style, no fancy decor, but you do get a good meal at a good price.
Good Vietnamnese can be a little harder to come by in the East York/Danforth area so I'm glad to have found this restaurant to throw into the Vietnamnese rotation.

Granted, I only tried one item, the Special Pho (Pho Dac Biet) but I enjoyed that their broth was not super salty or oily like most other places, it was very natural tasting.  My friend's vermicelli with grilled pork and spring roll looked really tasty too (Bun Cha).  

Silly suggestion but they should play music in the background b/c even with a few tables of patrons in the restaurant, it sounds absolutely dead in there - not that most people go to Vietnamnese restaurants for the atmosphere.
This is a small family owned vietnmese restaurant.  People don't come here for the decor, frankly it's a bit tacky; they come for the fresh, inexpensive and delicious food.  When you walk in theres a somewhat cloudy fish tank with very large cat fish with bulging eyes, don't let this turn you off.  I have been to this place many times and usually order the same item. They do grilled steak and bbq sugarcane shrimp very well. My favourite is the bun vermicelli, it's always the same and loaded with fresh veggies.  My kids always order the do it yourself salad spring rolls and they have fun making their own food. Where else can a family of 4 eat dinner for 41$?
It was packed on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. I was quite impressed for my first time here. Service was quick and friendly. Loved the fact that they can speak English, Chinese and Vietnamese so fluently, all of which I understand.

I ordered the rice with BBQ chicken and Vietnamese sausage. ($7.95) The chicken was flavourful and done just right. The sausages were amazing. It's different than the ones I usually get at other Vietnamese restaurants. It tasted authentic and delicious!

I'll be back to try the vermicelli and pho. Now I can't stop thinking about those sausages...
Get the rice paper roll platters. For $13, it's more than enough food for two. The pho is pretty good here too, but sometimes the broth can be a little too salty. Coming from pho-less Parliament St though, really cannot complain too much.
There soup is always good but beef quality n quantity compare to other pho restaurant is not as good n 10-20% less.

There dry pho with lemon grass pork chops are the best in Toronto.

I think there price has gone up.  Not sure.
If you like thick coffee, then the coffee here is a must try. This is way better than the other pho/Vietnamese restaurants on this street.
Mimi's delivers consistently great Vietnamese food time & time again. Live in the area, this has become our go-to local dinner spot.

Disregard the interiors, the place needs an overhaul but the food and top notch service makes up for it.

Their pho is delicious, deep, authentic broth, full of flavour and delicious fat. My pick for pho is the BBQ beef pho, the char from the beef adds a delicious smoky taste to the broth. Their bun dishes are also very good and super cheap. I'm partial again to the BBQ beef bun but always get it with sugarcane shrimp. Their cold rolls are chalk full of huge butterflied shrimp, tons of pickled carrot/daikon and glorious mounds of thai basil. The spring rolls are a bit hit and miss, sometimes arrive perfectly fried. other times super soggy with grease. Still worth a try.

Dinner for two with drinks and a share appetizer is about $30 with tip.
Beware: cash only.
Mi Mi delivers on good, affordable Vietnamese food in Gerrard St Chinatown, which probably should be deemed a Vietnamese town given the number of Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  

Came here last night and had Salad Wraps and Do It Yourself Rice Wrap platters (which has an actual Vietnamese name, but I don't recall what it is).  Both dishes were very good.  Salad wraps had nice pieces of shrimp and done well.  I had the special mixed platter, which came with beef, chicken, shrimp on sugar cane and probably other cuts of meat.  It was enormous and filling.  The accompanying veggies were crisp and fresh!

I was most impressed by the service and decor.  It's not a fancy place by any means, but the menus are nicely printed, space was clean and comfortable and the servers were pleasant and even took time to answer questions about the menu.  Not the typical transactional service I experience at most Vietnamese restos.
One of my fav places when i lived down here!! This was quite awhile back in the late 90's.
Probably came here every friday for dinner.

And from looking at the reviews, its has not changed much.

Always ordered the Pho. and shrimp roll wrap.  Always hit the spot.

Gonna try it, the next time i'm down here!!
I had the grilled pork with vermicelli and do it yourself platter here. Both very very tasty although I probably would have preferred a little more meat in the vermicelli dish. Next time I will just pay more for extra meat - problem solved! Otherwise I really enjoyed their food, and the platter was huge with lots of protein!
I'm Vietnamese and I think this place is one of the more authentic places for Vietnamese foods.  That being said, authentic doesn't mean it's better.  To be honest I like the pho from those chain pho restaurants better, but those pho places are the equivalent of McDonald's for "white food": they taste good, but they aren't authentic.

The pho and noodle soup dishes at MiMi's taste a lot more like what my mom's pho and noodle soup dishes taste like.

What I go to MiMi's for, and what it is known for are their BBQ vermecelli dishes!  Their vermecelli noodle with their BBQ beef, beef balls, Vietnamese sausages, shrimp/seafood wrapped around sugar cane with the fish sauce - that's the stuff!  It's fantastic!  If you go to MiMi's, I would strongly recommend their Vermecelli dishes.

I also eat their rice dishes, they're good too.  And yes, there seem to be a lot of white people in this restaurant for some reason... but I think that's because it's a slightly nicer looking pho place and the waitress there is really friendly and speaks English fluently (as well as Chinese and Vietnamese) - which is impressive!
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Toronto. Their pho broth is perfectly seasoned, the staff are friendly, the prices are good, and theyre open late. What else could one want?
Don't let the plain walls and lack of decor fool you! The simple furnishing are a testament to how much effort they put into making good, authentic, and fresh Vietnamese dishes instead. Feeling adventurous, I ordered the do-it-yourself platter with BBQ shrimp on sugarcane, BBQ beef and spring roll. The service was quick and they brought me a huge plate of food I could barely finish! It was a lot of fun to make my own rice wraps with whichever toppings I wanted and I enjoyed interacting with my food. Dessert was a yummy concoction of red beans, green beans, green jello, coconut milk, and crushed ice. I'll be back here again, Mi Mi!
I started eating here around 18 years ago and this neighbourhood Vietnamese spot is still to this day always great.
While the menu is extensive and authentic my go to meal is the BQ pork with spring rolls. Generous portion of noodles with loads of fresh crisp veggies make this a healthy filling value priced dinner.
Give this spot a try and bet in 10 years you will be making a weekly pilgrimage to MI Mi's has I have for going on 20 years!
We stopped in here this evening.  I really dig this place, it's tasty, and clean!  A pleasant surprise.
I ordered the pho with with beef and brisket, and my friend had the pho with beef balls and something else...both were delish ($5.95 each for Small)

We also has shrimp fresh rolls ($3.95).  Everything was very tasty and extremely affordable.  

I'll be back.
This is probably the best tasting Pho place i've been to. Broth is clean, and the noodles are very fresh. the Shrimp Rolls are great as well. My Pho standard is the Pho Tai Nam, Rare beef/brisket in XL. I have eaten here regularly for the last year. BUT....

Three out of the four of us noticed a fruit fly in our broth. one of the bowls of Pho had two fly's! such a bad break for such a good restaurant. I hope they do get a hold of their fly situation. talking to the server, apparently it happens when the weather gets suddenly warm. The front of the store is covered....in spider webs and fruit fly's that night we went. hopefully they will take care of that the next time i come by but I lost the appetite fast....

If it wasn't for this fly issue, i'd give this place a 5 star. best tasting pho by a longshot, friendly serving staff, and relatively 'clean', this place deserves a make over to take it to the next level...  and a pest control inspection...
Love this place. The food is consistently delicious. They are a typical no-frills Vietnamese joint but don't let the sparse décor put you off. Service is excellent at well. You will not be disappointed.
Excellent neighborhood restaurant. Well prepared Vietnamese food.  Friendly family style service. Pho with beef broth very good. The noodle soup with chicken soup/broth excellent. We like the shrimp roll and spring roll - well prepared. We eat there or get take out at least once a week.
Stumbled into this restaurant on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 10. It's located in the heart of old china town. Judging from the decor and signage out front I wasn't expecting much especially since I saw this was a cash only place. To my surprised the food tasted better than I would have expected and the value is really good here. I would come back here for sure! 

Atmosphere - 3/5
Taste - 5/5
Portion -5/5
Price - 6/5

Atmosphere - the sign our front is scribbled in italic cursive red on a while background. There are a few large plants from the window and you can tell this is an authentic Vietnamese food. As you walk in, you can see the restaurant is long and narrow with about 20 to 30 seats. There is not much use of aesthetics on the wall.

Taste - I ordered a chicken and porkchop on rice dish with shrimp roll and avocado milkshake. The rice dish came with chicken broth soup as well and it was excellent. The porkchop was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth with a savoury finish. The chicken lacked taste as it was thicker so perhaps not as marinaded. The shrimp roll was ok and usually I look forward to the peanut sauce but this one did not taste like peanuts. The avocado shake was beautifully presented with two pieces of strawberry on the top. It was missing a bit of sugar but I also tend to have more of a sweet tooth so I think this would have tasted perfect to others. 

Portion - I definitely ordered with my eyes than my stomach. I was too full to finish all my food. I had a piece of the shrimp roll, some soup, and finished the porkchop but not the chicken so now I have lunch for tomorrow! 

Price - $12.50 for the rice dish, $4 for the avocado shake and $4 for the shrimp rolls. Pretty good value for what you are getting.
I've been to many pho places, and this is definitely one of the better ones. The soup base tasted fresh, the meat portions were good, and the bowl was massive. Unlike a lot of other pho restaurants, the soup base at Mi Mi doesn't feel like it's loaded with MSG and salt. The service was also speedy and friendly. 

Mi Mi is overall a viet restaurant with great value.
The food here is priced at a bit of a premium for the area but everything we ordered was very tasty. 

The restaurant is very large and kid friendly. Service is good. 

We had a pho noodle and a rice vermicelli dish with a shrimp paste on cane sugar and spring rolls. Everything was delicious. 

Would definitely go back.
Great pho noodle soup! We ordered rare beef and chicken pho our usual favourites. The broth was so clean tasting, enjoyed every bite of our food. Large is bit smaller compared to other places so order xl if you're hungry. Would've been 5 star if the portions were bigger.
I tried their bbq bun and there were many nice aspects to this particular dish.  The bbq pork was missing that smokiness that I was looking for and I personally thought there was a little too much lemongrass.  But it was beautifully meaty and succulent, the ride noodles had the perfect texture to them, and the vegetables and herbs were very fresh.  Overall, the dish was maybe a touch sweeter than what I was accustomed to but it was a very nice meal overall.  Service was very friendly and polite too which I appreciate.  One note about this place, it's cash only.
I'm surprised this place doesn't have a better overall rating.

This is THE place we go for Vietnamese. There are so many choices in this neighborhood, and we have tried them all - always returning to Mi Mi's. 

I don't eat Pho, but my partner is a bit of a connoisseur. In his opinion Mi Mi's even trumps his previous favorite place in Markham. The real star of the show here is the Bun. It is very fresh, with a quantity of fresh veg, sprouts and peanuts. Their BBQ Shrimp on sugarcane Bun is fantastic. The best Vietnamese Shrimp Paste I have ever had (Soooo much better than Golden Turtle). Smoky, Lightly Charred and Sweet.  My SO gets the Bun Combo, Shrimp and Pork and Beef in one. 

Family run, by an incredibly nice family. I completely screwed up an order once and offered to pay for my mistake. They took back the dishes and gave us what we had originally wanted without charge - and with a smile. 

Tea is good, always hot. The Sauces and tables are clean.
I was with my gf heading to softball when i got a call that the game was going to be cancelled.  My gf felt like heading to the Broadview Chinatown and grab some Pho.  I wanted to take her somewhere that was GOOD so i yelped it as usual.  Mi Mi was across the street and had good reviews.  The place was packed for a Thursday and the food...just right!

We got 2 orders of the egg rolls (Vietnamese style all the way for egg rolls).  Crispy outside, flavourful and meaty inside...dip it in fish sauce and you are in heaven.

She got the Pho and i got the special seafood noodles with rice and egg noodles.

Both were really good and we left impressed and full....that's how we do it!
Oh boy was I in for a surprise when I entered Mi Mi... This was a ok dining experience. The place had a somehow comforting atmosphere to it, fair prices, excellent service, but alas the stores cleanliness failed the test.

   I was in a party of 4 people and all of us noticed that when we received our spoons and chopsticks they were slimy, sticky, and just plain Dirty.  We actually had to clean the chopsticks in the hot tea provided.

   Other than the cleanliness everything was fine. I ordered Bun Nem Nuong Cha which was alright in a giant bowl, I couldn't finish it.  In total, this dinner cost us 43 dollars which is a OK amount.

  Overall if you are looking to try a fast new not so sophisticated vietnamese restaurant; I'd recommend going to Pho Mi Mi!
I went here for the first time and loved my experience. Our server was amazing, so informative and helpful. I was looking for a veggie cold roll, and there wasn't anything on the menu and the server gave me two options. 

The meals were delicious, however my fiance got spring rolls and his response was 
"they were disgusting, they were the worst spring rolls I have ever had".

So just stay away from the spring rolls and you'll be good to go!
I've been searching "Mimi"... I've been going there doggedly for years and always assumed "Mimi"!!  Now, I know.

When asked for a recommendation for Vietnamese resto, I ALWAYS recommend one of two places: Pho Phuong on College and Mi Mi.  Both are a little off the beaten path, but definitely worth the trip.

Mi Mi is family run and has a friendly and warm atmosphere.  I recently took some friends there who were mostly vegetarian and they were super cool about adjusting dishes to make them work for everyone at the table.  They have always been super accommodating.

It's a nice open space.  Lit well with a nice amount of space between the tables (ie - not packed like sardines!).

Me?  My usual there now is the bbq pork with egg and rice noodle (dry) with soup on the side ($7-ish).  I don't think I eat it right because I always ask for the fish sauce for it and dump it onto the noodles... but their bbq pork is RIDICULOUSLY good.  I've also had the rice dishes, pho and the vermicelli dishes and they are all a step above most Vietnamese places in the city.

Mi Mi:  It's worth the trip to Chinatown 2.
I generally don't eat a lot of Pho but I definitely enjoy the vermicelli dish here.  I usually get the beef with springs rolls and it fills me up 8/10 times.  GREAT hangover food in the morning / early lunch.

Sometimes service is a bit slow but hey this looks like a mom and pop establishment so not complaints.  4.5/5 for me.

Take out is generally pretty fast if you're in a rush.

 4.25/5 for me.
A great place to go for authentic Vietnamese Pho and more.

We have been coming here for many years and have never been disappointed.

Mi Mi offers consistent good food and friendly service.  
This combination has kept us coming back years after years even after some of us moved away from the neighbourhood.

The decor is nothing fancy but the food will keep  you coming back for more.
Get in the front door and you will be greeted by the aroma of the simmering beef stock for the noodle.

We come here mostly for the Pho, a beef noodle soup.  It  is inexpensive and always satisfying.  The noodle soup comes in three size, each around a $1 more. 

For Pho, the broth is the heart of the dish.  Mi Mi's broth is never oily, always clear, fragrant and packed with flavor.  Our other favorites include the steamed rice rolls, accompanied by sprouts, cucumber and basil and cold rice paper wraps which are packed with rice noodle, shrimps and thai basil.

For deserts, we always finish our meal with the glass jelly and red bean drink and the drip coffee in sweeten condense milk. 


Cash Only.
Mi Mi's secret weapon is their BBQ. I love their BBQ lemongrass pork chop and it's excellent value for the money. They also have the big platters for wrapping which are also very popular. Give them a try, you won't regret it.
Here's another one for Kelly O.  Is this fake too?

Great Vietnamese place run by some sweet Vietnamese women.  Mum's in the kitchen, and all smiles on the floor.  

They have a special chicken soup that cures what ails me in the colder months.  I tried learning how to make it at home and I just can't.  I'm sure they have this simmering all day in the back.  

It's inexpensive and the quality is A1.  They get phone orders in for pickup from people on their way home.  So their food has a great reputation.  Big menu as well.  I always leave this place stuffed.

One small complaint:  It's run by 3 women, so the place is kept super warm.  If they cooled it down a bit, I would go more often.  Too warm, coupled with a hot soup, doesn't make for a fun meal.
great service food is above average but it does take a lilttle longer then usual
I have noticed that they are having much better "specials" lately that are reasonable. For that, I up them two stars. I also missed breakfast at home so I stopped by and got a bagel with cream cheese due to a convenience factor. $2.00 (not bad) and it was nicely and freshly served.
Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte did an amazing job with our home. They were extremely professional and very quick. The job was actually completed a head of schedule I was quite pleased and will be using them again in the future!
My husband and I originally reached out to Sarah and Danny in April of 2018. We were looking for a quote for our stairwell. We simply did not have the ability to paint those high areas safely on our own. 
Sarah came to give us a quote. She took her time, made measurements, gave us a very professional quote and explained a few things we hadn't thought of. FreshCoat was not our first quote, and they were not our last, but they quickly became the only one we would consider to enter our home. Sarah brought up very important details. 
Are the contracted painters licensed, insured and bonded? We didn't realize that if someone fell, while painting, it could potentially be our liability! Sarah showed us proof of their licensure and insurance for each contracted employee. 
The quote from FreshCoat wasn't the cheapest, but it also wasn't the most expensive. The principle of the matter was that they were the ones we felt we were most comfortable to be in our home with our three small children (all under the age of 5) running around. The time finally came for us to pull the trigger and book for our stairwell (it takes us a long time to decide on colors). Sarah was clear and precise with the work that needed to be done. We discussed colors, and I let her know the color we had chosen. Their quote included paint. 
Sarah arrived first. She cleaned the baseboards (they were embarrassingly filthy), laid drop cloths, and began part of the taping process. She was professional, introduced herself to our children, and has such a wonderful personality that I enjoyed having her in our home. Danny arrived shortly thereafter. He came in, saw our backsplash (which was installed by our builder) and even recommended some finished we could find to make the backsplash pop and look more finished and polished. He quickly connected with the children and made us feel at ease. 
Their contacted painters were phenomenal. They came in, introduced themselves and were friendly. The job didn't take longer than 4 hours, and our stairwell was complete. The color is gorgeous. They invited us to look at the project and find anywhere where we found issue. My husband and I saw a couple of spots, and they generously, and without attitude fixed them (as well as cleaned up a couple of spots from our homegrown paint job! but shhhh....don't tell!) 
I have a particular apprehension to the feel of builder's paint. It feels like chalk and it actually makes me nauseous to touch. Sarah assured me when we initially discussed it that she would select a paint that wouldn't have that same feel. She really came through. It feels like velvet, and that is very important to me. 
Thank you, Sarah and Danny, for making this a seamless and smooth process. We are very particular about who we let into our home when our babies are here, and you made us feel comfortable. The paint job is beautiful. The lines are crisp and clean, the walls are smooth, and there are no flaws. We are both impressed and grateful!
We had them come out to do a few rooms in our house a few months ago. They did an awesome job! There were some minor issues I noticed and they came back the very next day to make the repairs. I highly recommend using them!
Fresh Coat was courteous and very professional. We will definitely be recommending to our family & friends!
The sandwiches r so good!!! I had the cochinita tortas which was basically pulled pork with coleslaw in a sandwich . OMG it was ridiculously good!! It exceeded my expectations. I will go back when they get their liquor license and try the chicken torta. They have a jar of pickled chili on each table so I put some in the sandwich n it made it even better. It was spicy but not overpowering. Be warned the tortas don't come with anything  but honestly I was quite full after.
Very cute new Mexican restaurant, great decor with a bar wrapping around the storefront windows. A small, simple menu- just the way I like menus. A jar of spicy pickled vegetables sits at every table and although it's table service, it's got a take-out counter vibe. I tried the flautas- crunchy corn flour tortillas, stuffed with all sorts of goodness and a generous heap of feta to top it off. The jalapeño definitely stands out in the sauce, so it's not for those with a sensitive palate! I've been craving these for a long time. Service was fast and friendly.
4 etoiles surtout pour le decor , simple et joliment coloré. La bouffe est bonne et le service attentioné. Les portions pourraient etre plus copieuses etant donné leur prix ... mais si vous n'etes pas trop ambicieux ca devrait suffire.
In the heart of Saint Henri, on Notre-Dame street, bunch of restaurants on the same block, and side by side. Here is Lupita, a simple and adorable Mexican "diner", Run by mother and two daughters. Few chairs by the window, and four big picnic tables. It was mildly colorful compared to any other Mexican restaurants, where multi colors are flaunting in your face.

Enthusiastic service by our server. Simple menus, Tortas, and some extra dishes too. My sister got Tortas Al Pastor (grilled chicken, grilled pineapples...and more). She loved her sandwich to the T. It was enormous that she had difficulty to finish it completely. I ordered the drink, perro salado (tequila based) and vegetarian flautas. My drink was mind blowing. My flautas was good, but it could have been better; slight zing was missing. Then we asked for churros on the menu, but they only serve churros on the weekend. That was saddening.

Initially, it wasn't busy, later on more customers came in, so the music became louder. It killed the vibe. Second server who took over, was little abrasive, so it was disappointing.
Place - smaller store than the ones I am used to. So sometimes I feel I am missing out some good items at other stores, that are not readily available here. 

Price - most of the times, I am able to find a good deal! My most prized possession and good buy was this green/gold/brown mosaic mirror! 

Staff - courteous and always welcoming!

Leave it to Pier 1 to have lots of mosaic tile tables, frames, plates, and etc!

When I shop here, I do have a reason (sometimes none at all).

- look for my seasonal sprays of flowers for my hanging wall vase - for diff seasons :D Perfect place to get them, since they are sometimes cheaper, and a lot prettier than Michaels.

- their vast selection of Christmas ornaments!!

- some greenery for above the kitchen cabinets

- beautiful glass infused with metallic paint plates!

- .. And whatever I find deemed worthy!
I went to this venue for the first time last Friday, and I was very surprised. It was a music show, and the sound was very good. The drinks are also cheap for a theater, and the decor has some cachet.

Great venue for shows, definitely recommend it.
Belle surprise! Habitant tout près, je suis passée devant assez régulièrement mais je ne m'y étais jamais rendue pour un spectacle. Vendredi soir passé, j'ai été voir le show de Plaster et j'ai été agréablement surprise par la beauté de l'endroit. Le théâtre Corona a un bon équilibre entre un esthétique simple pour des concerts et du théâtre de tous genres, tout en ayant maintenu des éléments qui semblent originaux comme les peintures au plafond et les jolis balcons sur les côtés. Les choix de boissons sont pas pire (je me souviens de la Rolling Rock qui était parfait en cette journée chaude) et les prix sont vraiment correct. Avec pleins de petits restos pas trop loin, c'est vraiment un bon endroit pour une salle de spectacle.
Saw a Concert here and it was a great atmosphere. It has an old, ornate feel that has worn well. Good size - not too big - so you can really experience the performance. The bar has a good selection of drinks to choose from. There's also a coat check. They do make you wait outside to get in, so if it is cold, dress warm!
Located in the heart of Little Burgundy, Corona theater is a few blocks away from Lionel-Groulx station. The rather small size of the venue creates some sort of intimacy between you and the performing artists. If you wave your hand around there's a chance that the artist might catch that and wave back at you with a smile.

Beer and other beverages are sold inside but if you have some time before the show then Burgundy Lion, a pub next beside the theater, can offer you more choices. Don't drink too much though! If your blood alcohol level is too high and you start making a ruckus then the bouncer will surely spot you.
Jolie petite salle de spectacle, très intimiste. L'acoustique n'est pas exceptionnelle mais  ça ne gâche pas le plaisir. Il y a un pub juste à côté pour patienter (un peu pris d'assaut mais très sympa). Si vous avez encore soif pendant le show, il y a aussi un grand bar dans le théâtre (J'y ai découvert le cocktail vodka canneberge, c'est excellent). Pour 5 dollars, nous avons vu 3 bons artistes de hip hop se succéder. C'est à se demander comment ils se payent...?
Love this place. It's a gorgeous venue... still has the old balconies and the worked metal railings. Nice open space, nice atmosphere, prices for tickets are reasonable.. I liked it. Very enjoyable!
Great venue. Large enough to get good acts. Small enough to feel somewhat intimate. Have been satisfied every time I've been there. I can say similar things about Metropolis and Club Soda. Very happy to have these three locations in Montreal. At the margin, I think Theatre Corona is my favourite... but the differences are small enough that the music option will always trump in decision-making.
Great concert venue! I even brought my parents with me once and, even though the mezzanine was closed, they allowed us to sit up there seeing as my mother's mobility is reduced. So A+ for the staff too!
I quite like this venue. It has a vintage, cozy feel although it is a decently large venue. It's been around for ages, and hosted many a performance... you can almost feel its history when you walk in with remnants of its original theatrical structure giving homage to its origins. 
Ok so maybe that last sentence was a tad romanticized and sentimental... but it's my story and I'm sticking to it.

I've already seen quite a few shows here, well-known bands as well as the more obscure, and it's never disappointed. It's usually standing-only... which I prefer so I can dance to my favourite songs, the sound is good, the bar has decently-priced beers and friendly servers, there is an optional coat check and a balcony to boot. 

Conveniently located in Griffintown near Autoroute Ville-Marie (720) and Lionel-Groulx station, it's easily accessible by metro or car. Corona Theatre has quickly become one of my favourite concert venues of Montreal. I'm a fan.
I have been to this venue a few times now and I always enjoy it.  It's well located: it's nice to break out of the downtown/Plateau areas, it's nearby to Lionel-Groulx metro so convenient for both green line and orange people, and there's lots of onstreet parking to be found for drivers.  The venue itself is quite beautiful, with lots of architectural details.  It's a little bit too bad that there are virgin mobile signs sprinkled throughout the venue, but they are not overly intrusive so if that's what it takes to keep such a beautiful space open, it's an ok compromise.  I also love the layout, with the huge bar sweeping across the back of the space, the gradually sloping front section, and the very comfortable balcony.  The venue can fit lots and lots of people, but still maintain good sight lines and decent sound, without feeling overly crowded.
Originally built as a silent cinema with orchestra in 1912 and abandoned for decades before becoming a setting for folks shooting period films and then finally renovated and opened as a venue in the early 2000's, the Corona is tres special. The renovations didn't touch the original exterior arch, or the balconies and moldings inside, so it feels completely ghostly and the sound is warm, resonant and lovely as only old spaces seem to be. The gentle rake on the floor, and a second level with lots of room for bar, coat check, merch, means that even if they don't open the balconies visibility is great and there's a feeling of comfort and movement. The lighting inside is beautiful and not garish (can't say the same for the flashy Virgin logo on the new sign outside, but if they are paying for it's survival I guess I can forgive them the vanity plate.) 

Also - 4$ Rolling Rock. That has to be the best beer option and price point at any venue of this size in the city. Speaking of size, total capacity is about 800. ~500 if you just use the floor. The small side balconies are very Phantom of the Opera and in my opinion should always be in use by people in fancy dress and/or masques, for atmosphere.
Beautiful venue located near the border between Little Burgundy and St-Henri. On the trendier side of Atwater close to Burgundy Lion. Affordable drinks, no pushy security and great atmosphere. Tickets at this venue can be a little on the pricey side but it's definitely worth it for the experience.
Just another nice Amir food nothing more but renovated food court and very clean.
I always like eat pita when hungry.
It's similar to other branches of the chain. 
I visited mid-week around 18:00 and the place had a few tables, but was mostly quite. I had a shawarma combo which was fine... nothing special. as expected. the toilets were not the cleanest I've seen. otherwise, it was nice to seat there, and I got some work done, since I had about half an hour to pass before seeing a movie.
I've ordered a few items from The Thing Shop ('TTS') for my Type 181 VW, which is highly regarded by SAMBA (forum) members. One of them was the TTS manufactured top frame and custom vinyl fabric roof combination. The top assembly arrived quite quickly and I was very pleased with both the quality of items and the relative ease with which everything fitted in place. The excellent geometrics of the frame were such that the fabric roof fitted perfectly, without any cracks, gaps and/or open areas around the edges. More recently I ordered the front end lower skid plate that fits under the front end to protect the car from off-road objects and encountered a perplexing difficulty receiving the item. After waiting quite a while, I checked my order on-line to find out that the order was inexplicably 'on hold', with no further details available. A call to TTS resulted in an explanation that the part was currently out of stock (but with replacements coming soon). Apparently no one had bothered to contact me about this, which was a bit irritating. HOWEVER, things were soon straightened out and after a bit of delay the part finally arrived. The part itself was great, well made and up to the usual TTS standards of high quality, but somehow or other the installation instructions had not been included in the package, which resulted in a bit more delay & confusion. Long story short, TTS is a great place to find important and hard-to-find replacements parts for your VW Thing, but patience is sometimes required when a glitch occurs. They are very busy some times and available manpower may make it a bit difficult to complete things in a timely manner. This should not serve to discourage others from patronising TTS. They are great people who really care a lot about our Type 181 'Thing' VWs. Thanks, folks!
It's Western-wear heaven for the city slicker at this cavernous temple to Wranglers, stetson hats, and Justin boots.  What was I doing here, you ask?  Turns out my buddy is gittin hitched - and he's havin a country weddin.  He's gonna git 'er done!!

Fair prices and huge selections of Wranglers, button-up shirts, and hundreds of boots (work and cowboy) for men, women and kids.  Workers are friendly and knowledgeable.
This place is large and do they have boots. The racks were never ending with plenty of choices even for the picky buyer.  I browsed about and evidently I was too picky. Nothing i liked or wanted. The rack against the wall has the discounted boots good prices on them also. I continued to browse the store and not once was i approached by an employee but that's okay. I did find a couple of shirts I liked, price was right so that was it. Decent store lots of stuff. If you need help you have to find them.
After a week long search for 13EE boot. My journey ended here. Must have had over 1000 boots and the place was huge with cloths and all kinds of non cowboy related merchandise. I was left to my lonesome as I tried on about 8 pair before I found the only one's that actually fit like I'd had them for years. I was expecting to pay way more than I did. Nice place, but the employees need to actually notice the customers!
I got a massage by a student and she was good! What i dint like about that place is: my massage therapist was late! During the entire massage the only thing i can ear is the receptionist watching something on her phone and talking to another girl. On top of it i can ear the dryer. Not so relaxing. But when you pay 28$/h ..... I would probably go back !
Always honest and friendly.  Thanks for such great service.  If you are looking for a mechanic you can trust these are your guys.
This place is top notch!  The owner and employees are so courteous and knowledgeable.  I feel their prices are less than most places and their service is magnificent!  Thanks for all that you have done for my family and their vehicles!
Been going to Junction Tire over a Decade plus, they can fix or repair your Car or Truck always competitive prices and fair. See " Guy " Manager or Richard or Bill to schedule an Appointment or bring it in for a quote or repair if time in between who's in front. Great group of ASA Certified Mechanics, just go to Junction Tire and Don't worry about it.  On Southern just East of Power Rd.
Had some work done on my car and am very happy with the service at this shop. There are a lot of shops to choose from out there and this one is now at the top of my list for my regular services. It nice to be able to take your car to a business and have the correct work done on it and not feel like your being hounded to have a lot more unnecessary work done. Each employee was very nice, specific, helpful and knowledgeable. Going to a shop where you feel comfortable and are not breaking the bank is a win win! A few other perks is their nice little waiting area, it has a TV, free coffee, water and wifi while you wait. Definitely recommending this shop to everyone!
I've been coming here for years.  They've always given me the best prices around, and the highest quality of service.  I wouldn't think about ever taking any of my vehicles anywhere else.
I started bring my vehicle in here when I moved to this side of town. I searched around, and truly feel I found the right place for all my service needs. They are always accommodating, friendly, upfront about what should be done to your vehicle, and also participate in a "rewards" program that I'm been able to save money with. Great people, great service, and competitive pricing will continue bringing me back
I have been bringing my vehicles here since I moved into this area over 3 years ago. I have always gotten excellent service and more importantly,  great pricing. If you like supporting your small "mom and pop" local businesses, I would highly suggest you give them a shot.
I've been using the same auto repair location since I moved to Arizona 10 years ago.  It wasn't close to home or work but I was treated well there. After researching closer locations, I decided on Junction Tire due to so many wonderful reviews and the close distance to my neighborhood. I have been twice and each time I've been very satisfied with the service my 2003 Toyota Highlander has received. The price is noticebly less than what I've been paying, as well. I will continue to use Junction Tire for my car service needs.
Been going here for years. Lower quote for tires than Big OF TIRES one year. Never do unessary work. Used for company car and personal car as well.

Very personable and kind staff.

They have coffee , magazines and a TV.
I have been using Junction Tire for more than 20 years. They have consistently provided reliable service. They will offer advice on what should be done and will tell you whether it can be delayed and if so, for how long.  I have never been offered with unnecessary work. Not one person I have referred to them has been disappointed.
We've been going to Junction Tire for over 10 years. They have the best customer service,  and knowledgeable and professional staff. It says a lot about a business when they retain the same employees for a great number of years. And kudos to the decorator of their restroom; color us impressed

Gena and Ann
Honest, good work!  We have taken our cars to JT for years and the great service and honesty we receive has never wavered.  If it needs to be fixed, they tell you; if it can wait, they tell you as well--with JT, we're always given options and we are always happy with their work.  

My kids are now grown and they bring their cars here as do my parents.  Trust goes a long way and Junction tire continues to earn it!
I'm a recent tansplant from WI to AZ. I drove my 2008 SUV down here and with over 84K miles on it I want to make sure it keeps humming along and needed to find a good place to bring it for my service needs. I found these guys when looking for someone who was associated with Goodyear, because of my Goodyear tire package. I am so happy with the service, location, pricing, honesty and overall welcome to AZ that I have felt from everyone here at Junction Tire. Guy, Bill and the rest of the gang are wonderful and helpful. And this location has one of the cleanest and hippest bathrooms ever! Coffee or water is available in the waiting room. I highly recommend you give Guy a call the next time you need service. Fair, honest and dependable, that's a must for me and you will find it here!
I've had several vehicles serviced here and have always been treated honestly and received great service. My wife is comfortable bringing vehicles here for service and everyone we've recommended has been happy. Guy, Bill & Richard are easy to deal with, never pushing or overbearing. Great local shop.
They always take great care of my vehicle as if I were family! Honest, great staff, friendly.  Cost is very reasonable and they stand behind their work.
The guys at Junction Tire have always been honest with us, and the service is quick and well done. Great full service shop, comfortable waiting room, friendly staff.
honest stright forward without any overcharging.  I could not recommend anyone higher than this business.  I have spoken to a few of the single ladies waiting for work To be done and have observed how they were informed as to what and why things needed to be done in such a way that they understood the why's.  the pricing is more than fair as I had to have a oil pan replaced and they were half the price that the dealer wanted.  Pat Whalen
Awesome service and fair prices! Very honest family-owned shop with reliable and fast service. I have never made an appointment and they have been able to get me in and out quickly with no problem. Although, I wouldn't have any problem waiting because they have a great waiting area with a TV and seating. Will always bring my car here instead of the dealer (or anywhere else) because I trust they will do a great job. 5 STAR PLACE!
I would say that it's safe to disregard most of the aspects of the reviews that are prior to 2016, which is when the bar changed ownership (from what I understand). This bar has quickly become one of my favorites and many of my friends agree. 
With a fun diverse menu (for a bar) AND a smoke-free environment, it's hard not to like this casual and friendly neighborhood meet-up. The location is convenient and the charm is all there, especially since this house-turned-bar is nestled in among the quiet residential streets of Avalon. 
The bartenders have quickly learned our name and are quite hospitable. The same goes for the chef, who is not only talented but seems caring about quality and pleasing the customer. Their fish sandwich deal is one of the best around - scrumptious, satisfying, and only $5 when on special. Drinks are cheap and sometimes the pool table in the back is free along with the jukebox. 
Give this bar a try and you shouldn't be disappointed!
Happy to write a good review of the Jackman because the bar has made big changes under the new management. First, the bar is now smoke free, though there is a nice deck out back for those who do. Second, the food is really good. Our family has tried several things off the menu (burgers, fried shrimp, Reuben's, wings ) and they've all been solid. Everything is tied together by a great staff in a neighborhood setting that's impossible to duplicate. If you're in the area and looking for some solid pub grub, give the Jackman a try.
This is a great neighborhood bar.  A couple nice TVs, specials for sporting events, and some pretty decent bar food (great wings).  The owners and bartenders are friendly and accommodating, and there's never any trouble there.  The Jackman has that kind of charm that a newer bar could only hope to replicate.  The clientele is very salt of the earth, real people.  I like it.   I knocked it down a star because taking the stairs going down to the men's room is like descending Mt. Kilamanjaro blindfolded, but hey, you can't have everything.
You must try the wings! Tues and Thursday night is Wing Night. 

A place you would consider a dive bar but it is fairly clean. It is a bar full of locals that still allows smoking. If you can handle cigarette smoke and coming home with a sexy grease/smoke cologne....you should stop in for the wings. 

They only have a couple beers on tap (Bud Light, Budweiser, and Yuengling) so don't think you are getting any micros or imports. You will be lucky to get Heineken or Corona in a bottle! 

This bar has the best wings in Pittsburgh though. They are the whole wings and deep fried to perfection. Hot Garlic Parm is the jackpot. 

Most nights you will find DJ Vince playing almost any song you can think of!
I would have to say, from the outside the place doesn't look so nice. Then when you walk in, it doesn't either...lol. 
However, the beer and food are not expensive at all. Typical bar food. So pretty good for bar food. 
The bartender is great. Very attentive and friendly. 
Definitely with the stop!
It's non smoking and there is also a pool table if you want to shoot a game or two.
Goo
First time trying this place. Nice hole in the wall. The man at the cashier was so nice from his greeting to checking on how the food was before he walked out the door. Prices were good. Food was served quick. It's located in a shopping center so there is plenty of parking. It's a hot day today so only feedback I would have is maybe adjust the AC or add some extra big fans in there. I don't mind coming back and trying some of the other food on the menu.
Ordered from here just awhile ago as I was craving pizza for dinner and I saw some of the reviews about this place and about how good the wings and pizza are and I thought I'd give this place a shot today from the time I called in for the order there was kind of a miscommunication about what area to deliver the pizza at as they weren't sure about the address I gave them but it got fixed when I explained it to them. Also found out the most of the prices on the menu went up so they really need to update there menu so people who are new to ordering from a place like me will know and there regular customers will know also they told me it would be a 15 dollar delivery charge with my order which I think was ridiculous and highway robbery but companies will find away to get more money out of you one way or another. Now onto the food the driver delivers my food I pay him expect the change back and he's not sure what to give me back I think he knew just didn't want to come out of his pocket to give me the exact change but whatever I get my food pizza is really delicious probably not as good as some of the mom and pop pizza places I went to but for the quality you get it's good. The chicken wings were good a few wings were overcooked more then others but it was still good would love to try there fries but I might order them the next time I order from here overall with some of the positives and negatives I mentioned this place is not that bad and it might be better then some of the other different pizza places that I didn't have much of a good experience if they didn't charge as much as they did for the delivery charge this place and if some of the wings weren't overcooked and the other problem I mentioned with the delivery driver this place would easily get 5 stars from me but overall I see myself checking this place out again when I get a chance.
We ate here twice last week for lunch. It taste almost exactly like the secret pizza at cosmo. I don't think they have a ricotta pizza but the dough taste the same. Same NY style, thin & soft not crispy but very DELICIOUS! But way cheaper @ 1.75 per piece and closer to my work. 

We tried 1 large pizza half pepperoni/half sausage. and pepperoni is naturally oily but I like it. Some don't but it was yum nevertheless. We will back to try this week and maybe the philly w/cheese wiz.
I just had a delicious meal from Fat Moe's Pizza and Wings. I was craving spaghetti and meatballs and I stopped in and ordered some. It was ready in about 8 minutes. The menu didn't mention it but it came with a nice salad and some really good garlic bread. The meal was under $10, the man who took my order was nice and the place looked really clean.
Best customer service in Las Vegas, extremely polite. The food was outstanding, we ordered the philly burger and a double bacon cheese burger. Plenty of food for a great price. Definitely will return!
NY Style Pizza! Top 3 in town! Wings are excellent as well! Service is friendly, a lot more preferable than Verrazano's in the nearby area! Cheaper prices as well using more expensive ingredients! I am a regular customer and have turned my back on Verrazano's on Rainbow/Flamingo for this place!
Not a bad little pizza joint.  The pizza isn't my absolute favorite in town, but it's not bad. The wings however, are really good. Better than Wing Stop. The ranch is also amazing. Don't bother with the cheesecake, mine was frozen hard and had a weird chemical taste to it. Service is friendly.
First time in this place and I have lived in this area of town for a little over a year. I am so happy my boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place :) I love their mild flavored wings! It beats any other place it town! Definitely will see me here again :)
Today, we attempted the cheesesteak. I read the previous reviews and i seen cheese whiz. I tried a cheesesteak with onion, mushrooms, jalopenos and cheese whiz and boy was it yummy. Other places make great cheesesteaks but it's always missing the whiz and we found it. I enjoyed it and will have to try it again hopefully soon.
Definitely a fan of Fat Moe's!

Yesterday, feeling absolutely awful, my fella decided to order in one of my favorite comfort foods: pizza. 

We didn't want to go with another chain, after having such a great experience at another Non-chain pizza place a couple weeks back.

Fat Moe's opens at 10:30am, and we called right at 10:30.  We were politely asked to call back in 5 minutes, but received a phone call within 3, saying they were sorry, and they were ready to take our order.

We ordered a 14 inch Fat Moe's Special:  Pepperoni, Sausage, Ground Beef, and ham, with onions, green peppers, olives, and mushrooms.  

We also ordered the ravioli with beef. 

35 minutes later, we had our food.

The ravioli was awesome.  Filled well, and cooked perfectly, and seasoned well.  I enjoyed them a lot, as did my fella.

The pizza was good too.  The crust could have been a touch crispier, and we definitely should have ordered extra cheese...but it was good!  The ingredients were good, and they use fresh mushrooms,not canned like some places.   

I will definitely order from here again!
I ordered take out wings and garlic fries from Fat Moe's and they were delicious. The guy at the front register was really nice and helpful. 

My reason for giving them 4 out of 5 stars is because of the way my order was put in. I asked for wings and garlic fries, so they guy put in my order as a French fries and wing combo with an extra side of garlic fries. This was entirely too much food for me and it was extra food that I did not order. I ended up throwing out the original fries, and it was waste of money.

All in all the food was very good. I would highly recommend checking your food order before paying, so you don't pay for extra food that you don't want.
we order pizza here A LOT!  it is the only thing we have tried and it is great.  i have tried many pizza places in town and this is one of the better ones.  the prices are great as well.  they do, however, have pretty bad delivery service so it's best to just go pick it up :)
Pizza was decent for the price. Guys at the counter were really nice and seemed to like working there.
They have the best Philly steak Sandwich and fries I've ever have.  I really recomen you to give it a try.
Usually order the cheeseburger lunch special or tenders lunch special. Lemon pepper seasoning is a bit salty but still yummy &  I love the fries. Ranch is also amazing!! I also like the fact that they will separate your fries or tenders in different foil to prevent soggy ness. That's especially awesome customer service! I usually order delivery & pay cash. Delivery usually takes a while (even though I am located in the apartments right behind the store lol) but I'm willing to wait patiently. A nice place to get some good eats, or dine in. No AC in store though :(
Annette is Amazing! I really look forward to her coloring and cutting my hair as she is a wizard with color. This last visit I decided on four colors that work really well to compliment each other. She is also Amazing at hair cuts, this woman has been doing hair for over 20 years and keeps up on the latest styles. I always tell her she should be working for the movie stars in Hollywood.

Her prices are very good, she is a one woman operation that has a nice following because nobody can do what she can with color and a cut! She is such a beautiful person who truly loves what she does and it shows. 

She is great with appointments and can always seem to make time for a visit to work around your schedule. 

I guarantee there is nobody in this valley that can touch what she does, her style of foil weave color is perfection.

Look at my latest photo, the colors are so rich and vibrant along with a haircut that works no matter what. I am a walking billboard as everyone under the sun always asks me who did my hair!!!!!
I have known Annette for a long time from the Dog park She loves Dogs as much as I do. Only in the last year did I discover she was a hair stylist. After bouncing around looking for someone who was an artist with hair instead of coming out looking like a Marine Sergeant everytime. I went to Annette and I knew instantly she was skilled and was great. In my opinion she is the Best stylist in Las Vegas and her warm personality makes getting a haircut a pleasure. She is a sweet caring lady. I recommend her and give her a perfect 100.
Annette has moved to Hairitage Salon located at 101 S Rainbow # 23. Just 2 doors down from her old spot. I've been a customer of Annette's since 2010. I love the way she cuts my hair and she does a fabulous job with adding many vibrant colors to my hair.
Amazing colorist. If you want to go red this gal knows how to get you there without any use of bleach!! I have never had this gorgeous of hair color before and her rates are very reasonable for her level of experience. I will definitely be coming back fantastic!
OK ladies and guys, I introduce to you Annette the best hair colorist and hair stylist that you will find in all of Las Vegas guaranteed! 

I refuse to let anyone else color or cut my hair as she is pure magic with her talent and experience with hair. After my first visit with her whom I found through word of mouth I was sprung. 

I have thick and long hair, it is not an easy task to keep this mane looking so gorgeous however she has no problem in keeping it stunning at all times.

I love color, I like the "lion" look. She is a color specialist in using multiple colors as well, I have her do a foil weave with a paprika red, a caramel and a dark chocolate.

She really should be working in Hollywood doing the hair of the movie stars she is that phenomenal. Her prices are reasonable, she charges no more than these other colorist around town that do half of the work that she does. 

She is simply Amazing and uses the best quality products and color available.  She is not only a hair colorist and stylist, she does it all.

She is an Awesome lady who is full of spunk and has an Amazing personality, if you can think of it, she can make it happen. Trust me!

She has a private location that is nice and relaxing, a really cute set up.


Tell her Nikki sent you or just mention Yelp, make an appointment and get your hair did by a pro, lol :)
I have been going to Annette for years! Literally, no one else has touched my hair in almost 20 years. She is a master of color and highlights. She is always a lot of fun and we laugh and have a good time. My hair always looks great and I always receive compliments on the cut and color. She really has a lot of experience and knows what she is doing.
OK ladies!

I just got my hair done again by the awesome Annette. This woman is brilliant with hair color!

I do a foil weave, I have long and thick hair and she is nothing but Amazing in the color she does.

I do 4 colors, a paprika red, caramel, chocolate, and blond!!!

I have been going to her for a couple of years, she uses wonderful color she gets from Italy.

She is fabulous with colors, any color you could imagine she can do and it is mind blowing!

I can't go anywhere without people stopping me asking who did my hair.

She has two locations, one on the east side and one in the south west part of town.

She is super reasonable also especially considering the amount of labor she puts into coloring.

She does a hell of a haircut! She is a wizard with the scizzors and does what you want!

I will be posting pictures soon from my last visit.

I make my appointments at her SW salon where she has a private salon room, I don't have to worry about a busy annoying salon with tons of people talking etc. It is peaceful and her full focus is on me.

I will never have anyone else color or cut my hair!

She really should be working in Hollywood doing the hair of the stars! 

Her colors are vibrant, even when my hair is grown out it still looks great!

Ok Ok I am done bragging about the best colorist in all of las vegas!!

I am walking proof of her color and cut magic!

Her email is annette4thelord@yahoo.com
What can I say that has not been said already about Annette Thomas the Exceptional hair colorist?

Take a look at my latest photos as I have gone a bit more spicy! I decided on three colors this time, a Cherry Red and dark chocolate. The color combination is delicious and I look Fantastic!

This woman is Amazing with color, multiple color foil weaves and regular color and great haircuts!

I am always looking my Sexy Beast Best after she graces her hands on my head!
Amazing colorist and hair cutter, stylist! This woman is a hair wizard as she can do anything you dream of and turn it in to a Masterpiece! She should be working in Hollywood with the Stars, seriously I always tell her. She is magic and does beautiful colors and foil weave for me with multiple colors. She is a sweet and funny lady who will make you feel and look like a million bucks! Her prices are very good for what she does. You can't find another hair colorist in this city that can touch her talent and experience. She has her own private room in a salon, it is such a comfortable and relaxing fun experience. She does all sorts of hair services, deep conditioning treatments, blow dry, blow out, curling, etc as well. She is magic with her scissors, she does a sweet hair cut! I like my long layers she really hooks it up! Men and women go check her out!
5 STRONG STARS!

Annette Thomas is the only person in las vegas that I will let color and cut my hair!

Honestly I know I say this all of the time but she should be working doing the hair of the rich and famous in Hollywood she is that good! The movie stars would be lucky to have her work her magic on their hair!

I opted for a color and style I have not had before so I went with the ombre color. Three different tones of stunning red with some caramel mixed in! A mix of paprika, burgundy and cinnamon just make my hair stand out. I have gotten so many compliments that it is to the point of annoying lol I feel like a movie star!

Ombre hair swept the nation almost as fast as rumors of the zombie apocalypse went rampant on the internet, and since some of the biggest fashion trendsetters have committed their ends to a little punch of color just as I have. I know I am on the late freight but that is my own fault. 

Annette has been cutting and coloring as well as styling for years. She is a whiz with the scissors. She could cut my hair with her eyes closed and it come out Amazing she is that good! She has an Awesome fun personality as an added bonus!

She does a kick ass foil weave which is my favorite since everything blends so well and for a more natural look. 

Her specialty is color, multiple colors she can blend and create like no other! At one time I had four colors perfectly blended in to perfection all colors complimenting one another. That was a color job that made people go ape shit over, you would have thought I was J-LO with all of the attention I got over it.

The best part of all is that her prices are reasonable. Every time I have her do my hair I feel like I am ripping her off but she makes her prices as she is independent not working for a commercial salon who charges more for overhead etc. She has a location in the west part of town and east! I love her west side location is a private salon where I don't have to worry about people staring at me while my hair is being done! lol I don't like that.

Call her and make an appointment she is very flexible!

(702) 435-6422

Her email is annette4thelord@yahoo.com

Go see Annette the color and cut specialist and you will look and feel Fantastic or my name ain't Nikki Hernandez! :)
She did an AMAZING job with my hair. I went in with faded color and roots and walked out looking ultra fabulous. A woman shop, she only takes cash and check, but she was so fast at doing my hair I was out in a flash. Prices were NOT unreasonable at all. Will definitely return. Oh yeah, and those pics of that fabulous redhead in her album here... That's my hair when she was done with it. LOVE her.
Ladies!!! 

My hair colorist is Amazing! She specializes in cuts, color and foil wrapping/weaving. 

Annette has two locations in which she works from, I schedule my appointments when she is in the SW part of town close to home. She also has a location on the East side as well in which you can schedule to see her. 

Nobody, I mean nobody in this city does hair color the way she does! 

I don't have to say a word, my posted pictures will speak for me!

She specializes in multi-color foil weave. I never do less than three colors, usually four!

Call 702 435-6422 or email her at annette4thelord@yahoo.com
I can't say enough good things about this company and Marianne. First they moved my parents out of their home of 47 years into a retirement home. This was no easy task as it was a huge home into a 2 bedroom apartment. Katie and (I'm sorry I forgot her name) were so sweet and kind and literally went through EVERYTHING with such care. I never could have done the job they did. 
Then my mom passed away in July so it was decided my dad would move in with us. Again we called Moving Forward and again their kindness was above and beyond. They packed him up so beautifully and the movers were so kind. 
Moving is not a fun experience but this company makes it bearable.
Couldn't have picked a better group to help me "Move Forward" in my life. As fast as buzzing bees, friendly, hard working with an attention to detail. What more could you ask for when moving all your memories forward? Thanks Doug and Debbie, I couldn't have done it without you! Marianne is there to help make all the parts fit. :-)
This is the kindest staff of any store ever. They're always laughing, having fun and pushing wine samples on you. They have dog treats and don't charge you for bags. They're just the best. Five Stars for the staff.

Four stars for their sweet location. Anything attached to Honest Ed's gets automatic street cred, even if this is a bit of a blah corner otherwise. 

Two stars for their selection. I know they have to be all Canadian grapes. But I've never enjoyed a wine from here and would never, ever gift someone a wine from here. 

PEPPER POINTS for staying open late. Sometimes a girl just needs a bottle of wine at 10:55pm.
All of my stars go to the fact that this place is open until 11pm. I'm from the US, so I seriously can't believe that the only time I can get alcohol is before 8pm when the LCBO closes. Seriously??? 

The staff is very nice, and this location has a fairly good selection.
MFF is the worst run facility I have EVER been to. (I have been a member of approximately 10 gyms in the GTA) I thought this place would get better after it changed from Premier Fitness, but I was horribly mistaken. The owner, Steve, is a poor example of leadership and has no idea how to run a club. Most of the staff are also incompetent. Run, far away.
I agree wholeheartedly with the last review. 

Pros
- Low gym rates (there's a reason for everything though...) 
- The washrooms are nicely designed (need to be cleaned more often) 
- Additional facilities include a women's only gym, a PlayZone (to which a seperate membership is needed), sauna & swimming pool 
- Their exercise classes are very fun (I loved belly dancing and yoga) 
- There is TONS of parking; even if the parking close to MFF is congested, you can park next to other stores (it's located in a strip mall) 

For the most part, the people in the Health Center (minus the managers/assistant managers) are nice people. They all have a fitness background of some sort (Can Fit Pro, Kinesiology degrees, etc). However, the employee turn over rate is quite high given poor HR and management staff. 

Cons
- Management is corrupted 
- The front staff have a very strict quota to meet and will constantly try to oversell (they are even hostile to each other) 
- The equipment seems outdated

If you're going to Physiomed (which is connected to MFF and utilizes the gym facilities), your experience might not be so bad. At the end of the day, gym businesses strike me as shady and untrustworthy (this one ESPECIALLY). Do yourself a favor and make sure that THIS GYM does not get their hands on your debit/credit cards.
Pretty good.. had sweet and sour chicken.. i had to have them reheat the food but otherwise it was tasty
This is our go to Chinese place.  We live close and they are fast. Orders ready and waiting for us to pick up in under 15 minutes.  

The staff is always smiling and very thorough.  They repeat your order to make sure it's correct.

To be honest we always order the "Americanized" dishes (sesame chicken, general tso, etc.) And they are slightly above average.  Not epic.

However they have a full Authentic Chinese food menu, and judging by the clientele, it must be very good.

Overall we love this place
Living on the West Coast, you'd think I would have good access to Chinese. That's not the case. So when I decided to cross state number 27 off my list, I crossed the South Carolina border and headed to Lee Cafe for lunch with a friend.

The lunch special is a good deal. Not the most amazing Chinese food I've ever had, but the best in a while. And the price was right.

My only complaint was that the server was chewing gum. Yuck. I was a server for a while and that was a fireable offense. Apparently not here.
The most authentic Chinese place I've been to outside of Chinatown in NY. Had the spicy chili chicken and the garlic eggplant. That was my first time eating Szechuan peppercorns, so I wasn't expecting the tingling/numbing sensation that comes with them. Definitely a unique experience. I would like to go back and try more of the authentic Szechuan dishes and the sushi.
Didn't feel like cooking, so I stopped by Lee Café for a carry-out of Shrimp Fried Rice.  While I was not wowed by the fried rice, I was not disappointed with it.  The portion size was good and there was enough to have the next day.

The ambiance was nice and the staff was friendly.  If I am in the area and want Chinese food, I may stop by again.
For years, Chinese restaurant after restaurant cycled through this spot. Lee Cafe, however, has broken the curse, and it's not hard to see why.

I came here with two friends on a Friday night. The restaurant was pretty busy but we were nonetheless seated quickly. The waitress who helped us throughout the night--and I say this as a person who dines out almost every day--has to be the most accommodating and personable server I've ever encountered. From the moment we sat down, she was on hand to answer every possible question. She clearly knew the menu well, and--unlike a lot of other places--was more than willing to give her honest opinion on who should be trying what.

The restaurant offers authentic Sichuanese and Cantonese food; I didn't order any of the authentic dishes because, per the waitress's recommendation, they're best eaten family style (and my friends, alas, did not prove receptive to the idea). Instead, I opted for the hot and sour soup (good, but not the best I've had--I would have liked it a bit more sour), the octopus nigiri (fine, but my least favorite order from the night), and the eel nigiri (excellent, with wonderful flavor and texture). I ordered the orange chicken as my entree. At first, I wasn't crazy about it, but it rapidly grew on me.

All in all, I can say that this has to be the best easy sit-down Chinese place of eaten at in the Charlotte area. It avoids the greasiness a lot of other places seem to embrace while delivering hearty flavors and the service is truly exceptional, and I cannot wait to return (with better company) to sample some authentic dishes.
Excellent authentic Chinese and one of the best in Charlotte area! Try the steamed flounder filet with ginger and scallions it is right out of Chinatown NY
Having seen all the raving reviews wife and I decided to visit last night for dinner.  Expecting to wait a little bit even on weekday evening, we were surprised that no wait at all.  Actually only 3 or 4 tables were occupied.  Nonetheless we were happy not having to wait.  We studied the two sets of menu, Cantonese and Sichuan (no sushi on Tuesday) and settled on 3 dishes, all fairly authentic Chinese.  The waitress was very helpful and friendly.  
The duck dish came first since it is a cold (room temperature) dish.  Duck was brined in salt and spice liquid then steamed and let cool down before serving.  Portion is good, so is the flavor.  Second dish was a spicy dish with battered and fried fish fillet pan fried with cilantro and red hot chili pepper in just a little bit of oil.  Fish is fresh and flaky but the batter is a little chewy.  We have had better, but it still gets a passing grade from us.  The last dish was deep fried tofu with sautéed vegetables.  The dish had to be prepared only upon ordering so it took the longest, we were told.  Tofu was a little crispy on the outside and hot and soft on the inside; exactly the way it should be.  The vegetables were not overcooked and still had some crunchiness.  The sauce was also pretty good which gives flavor to the tofu.  We were pleasantly surprised at the end, not so much by the quality, or selection, of the dishes, but by the fact  restaurants such as this serving fairly authentic Chinese food actually exist and even thrive around Charlotte.  We were also told that the restaurant has not 1 or 2, but 4 chefs, including a Japanese sushi chef.  It is difficult to fathom how busy the place has to be on the weekend to support the large staff.  Wish the best to the owner and the staff.
Great experience! Thanks to the staff at Lee Cafe for a great dining experience tonight! I came with about 12 other people and we all really enjoyed our meals as they were served up, on time and hot. We ordered a wide variety of dishes to share and all of them were delicious; from pork belly, to fish filet(yum) to sesame chicken! I had the spicy chicken and veggie entree and man was is good! The spice level was perfect and oh so tasty! I definitely recommend this place to anyone and I can't wait to return!
I am happy to finally find an authentic Chinese restaurant with decent Sichuan food in Charlotte. I've been coming g here for a year and it's my favorite Chinese restaurant in town. I always ordered from their Chinese menu. All of their hot pot dishes (seafood, salted fish, tofu and chicken and the salted fish, chicken and eggplants) are great. I always couldn't decide which one to order since I like all of them. The dry chili chicken, salt and spices tofu, black and pepper beef, salt and pepper soft shell crab are all delicious.
Who knew there was a hidden gem located right down the street! I saw an article about Lee Cafe in the Charlotte Observer when i realized i lived close by. 

I just got the regular garlic chicken and it was very good. The place was packed on a weeknight when i was there and it took a long time before someone took by to go order but now i know to just call ahead. 

The menu is extensive and it looks like there are a lot of great choices but a lot of the cuisine sounded unfamiliar to me so next time I go I will bring a friend who knows a bit more about each dish so i can branch out from the basic americanized chinese dishes
I'm not a huge Chinese food fan, but Lee Cafe does it really well. The fella and I have been a couple of times, but I didn't want to write a review the first time because we both ordered the wrong thing, and I didn't want to slight the restaurant. If you're a huge Chinese food fan, order off the authentic menu; if you're not, stick with the usuals. Lesson learned!

We arrived at 6 pm on a Wednesday night, and there was only one other couple eating in. We were promptly greeted and seated in a booth, and we got great service the whole night. A ton of people came in for take-out, and it was a little busier when we left, so I think we just got there earlier than most.

For dinner, I got the beef and broccoli. It was a generous portion, and the meat tasted fresh. The brown sauce wasn't too salty, which I appreciated, and the brown rice was about what you'd expect. The fella got the dinner combination chicken and shrimp with broccoli, which came with an egg roll, veggie roll, or crab rangoon, and he went with the egg roll. Dessert was either cake or fruit, and he went with fruit, which was three orange slices. Interesting.

Two dinners and two glasses of wine were $31 + tip. Not too shabby for solid food and good service!
Food 7/10:
1. Salted fish, chicken and eggplant in a clay pot
2. Oysters, tofu and baby bok choy in a clay pot.  (The tofu was the star of this dish) 
3. Lobster sautéed in a ginger sauce 
4. Grilled shrimp in a ?black soybean sauce
Served with jasmine rice.  

Service 5/10 Our 'assigned' waitress brought out the dishes, but no rice. We waited, but did not see her. So we tried to ask another waitress about it she scoffed and walked off saying she wasn't our waitress.  Pretty rude. Even if that were the case she should have said let me send your waitress to help you. 

Cost: 1-3 Were $18-22 per dish and 4-$35. Not bad, but if you want the most food for your $ this isn't your place. 

Overall pretty tasty food, but not quite as delicious as Wan Fu (my fave Chinese restaurant in 704) was back in the 90s-00s. Worth a try though. Planning to return and try some of the more classic Szechuan dishes.
I've been here twice and grabbed take out once. I would recommend it. It's in a plaza with Food Lion so there's not much atmosphere but the food is delicious. I've ordered from the traditional and American sides of the menu and everything we have tried was good enough to order again. I've tried the Dumplings in Chili Oil, Dry Fried Green Beans with Pork, Fried Chili Chicken, Mongolian Chicken and Chicken with Garlic Sauce. The price point for lunch is outrageously affordable. The service is very pleasant and attentive. I would come back again.
I am so happy Lee Cafe decided to plant its roots here because it is close to my home.  I have been here about 12 times and I have always had a great experience with attentive staff and the food quality is rather good.  
For the price, you get plenty of food and it taste great too!  The proof is in the waiting area as many others agree this is a good place too eat so be mindful and stop running your mouth and let others sit and eat too.  
If it is Friday or Saturday night, call ahead for to-go orders and plan to wait a little while to be seated if dining in.  You won't be disappointed.
This place gives me hope for more places like it.  Its not in "Charlotte", but Fort Mill is a stones throw away and it's super easy to get to without any traffic.  Definitely worth venturing out of the city limits to experience some authentic Chinese dishes.  The do have the americanized dishes on their menu too if that is what you fancy, but it is definitely great to have the options.

All the yelp photos helped us tremendously as well as our server, whom patiently recommended dishes once we bombarded her with questions.

We over-ordered of course, but that means we had leftovers available for later (and we got to try a lot of things in one sitting).  The szchenuan wontons were amazing... (hopefully you are a fan of spicy since this place does have a lot of options with all things pepper on them).  The twice cooked pork was awesome as well.  Make sure to ask your server about their season items like the veggies and their specials!

Overall, it was located in a strip mall but had a ton of tables... seemed like there were a lot of people and some reserved booths for the regulars.  The space had either just been remodeled and kept neat and tidy.... almost a 50's soda shop type feel inside.  Regardless of the decor, the food definitely was the star... and I had to almost roll myself out the door like Violet Beauregard in the chocolate factory.
Looking for some authentic Chinese food? Lee Café may be the place for you, if you don't mind a short trip to Fort Mill.

One menu is all in Chinese and the other Chinese with English translation. That tells me that people who can read Chinese eat here. Which further tells me I'm in the right place for the "good stuff".

So far, my favorite dishes are the Szechuan Spicy Beef, Mapo Tofu and Twice Cooked Pork. The flavors were spot on and reminded me of places I frequented in NYC; the portions are also very generous. The Appetizer Section has cold items that you would not expect, like Saliva Chicken, that I was admittedly not brave enough to order. Of course they have hot appetizers and soup. There's a sushi bar, but why get sushi when there's so much else to order? 
 
So in the ongoing search for good Chinese in Charlotte, put this one on your "to do " list.
I went to this restaurant when they had their grand opening since I wanted to try their sushi. The staff were nice and the wait wasn't too bad. I ordered the wonton soup (I thought the serving would be bigger but it was really small, however it was very good), buffalo wings (they were okay, not anything special), and California roll (sushi was pretty good, not the best but pretty decent). Overall it's a very good restaurant and I definitely recommend.
Four stars because I think it might be the only authentic Chinese place I've found close to Charlotte so far. The prices are a little higher if you want the real Chinese dishes, but overall it was pretty good, though too salty. The spicy steamed fish soup was amazing and definitely as authentic as it gets.
Amazing lunch specials. Had Sa Cha chicken with egg role and chicken wings. Wow!!! Amazing taste and flavors. 
Wife had hunan chicken with egg roles and she loved it. The egg fried rice that came as a side was awesome, rice perfectly cooked and not very oily. 
The price is the best part I would say ha ha. 6 bucks for the specials and a dollar extra for egg roles.
Very good menu variety and the food definitely lives up to expectations.  A bit pricey which is fine however I couldn't substitute fried rice for an up charge on one of my meals because I didn't want white or brown and also the meals didn't include egg rolls or fortune cookies?  First time I've ever experienced that in an Asian restaurant... I'll definitely go back because the food is great and people who work there also were very friendly and hospitable.
We made a reservation for a party of 8 at Lee Cafe on a weekend and unfortunately when we arrived they weren't ready for us (causing us to wait 15-20 minutes for a table). This place is popular, but well deserved. Located in a grocery store shopping center, it's a hole-in-the-wall joint. The atmosphere, location, decor or even service won't draw you back, but the food will! Make sure you ask about their hot pot specials or additional evening specials. And check out the "classic dishes" portion of the menu. I highly recommend the Shanghai Cabbage, Double Cooked Pork and the Beef Chow Fun is delicious. The Szechuan Spicy Fish Fillet is good, but I thought the other dishes were much more flavorful while this was more for "show". I would say, it's hard to go wrong here, ask the servers for recommendations [or look at Yelp photos!]. The menu might be intimidating if you don't have experience with authentic cuisine, but just go for it--you won't be disappointed!
Excellent food, one of the best Chinese places in Charlotte.  Don't let the shopping plaza fool you into thinking it's a typical greasy spoon hole in the wall.
First time trying this place after reading all the reviews.   First stopped here on a Tuesday for lunch and it was closed.  The front window said open for lunch Monday through Thursday ok but then under it says closed Tuesday,  no problem, so we came yesterday and it was worth it.  We were greeted as soon as we stepped inside.  It was very cozy with nice tables with high back chairs and also several large sized booths.  They give you two menus for lunch one the usual and the other for sushi.  Nice selection. I ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce and my better half ordered chicken with cashews.  Both were very good in presentation and taste.  The service is very quick and thorough.   The food turnout is quick.  We truly enjoyed the meal and were surprised at the bill, $12 for both.  I now see why the reviews are all very good.  We will definitely be back  again.
Try the Salty Fish & Chicken with Egg Plant Clay Pot.  Stir Fry Snow Pea Tips are yummy as well.
This is the most authentic szechaun place in Charlotte. I am actually very surprised this place exists since Charlotte does not have a large asian population at all but I am so happy they are  here! They provide lunch specials and the more American chinese takeout options but they also have a menu full of sze chuan specialties! 

We got the garlic eggplant, ganguo cauliflower and pork belly, and lazi chicken. Everything was good, their eggplant is on point, it was $9, cauliflower and pork belly was very good but was $20 so a little steep, and lazi chicken was actually my least favorite, about $9. Everything could have used more spiciness! I feel like they have been forced to tone it down because of the majority of the their clientele. 

Parking is shared with the Publix next to it. The owner was very nice and gave us a lot of recommendations.
Nice staff.. clean environment.. great menu selection.. can't wait to go back for sushi
The lady below who said she can get $2.50 per sushi roll, I want to know where and if she got food poisoning.

Anyway, in all seriousness, I tried this place last night on new year's eve. They were packed. Around 13 tables inside, and a sushi bar. The sushi bar chef is actually Japanese, and his wife works as a waitress. On a any given day they have 4 waitresses, but last night, they were so busy I think I saw 5 or 6. There are 13 tables inside the restaurant. spacious and clean bathrooms. 

Ordered off their Chinese menu (At the back of the regular menu):
1. Egg noodle stir fried with soy sauce $9.50. Pretty big portion. Nothing too spectacular but definitely tasty, sesame, onion stir fried egg noodle in soy sauce. 
2. seafood tofu clay pot $16. Very good, but SUPER salty! I did not have enough rice to finish this dish because the salt content was so heavy. The seafood was generous portion and the tofu is not the fresh type but the tofu puff type, which I like. Great sauce, but again, too salty.
All the waitresses here work together, you will not have the same waitress who took your order to bring out your food. A different waitress brought out our food and she mistakenly took our sea food clay pot to the table next to ours. She of course sincerely apologized, but I thought the logistics could have been worked out better.
3. Chinese broccoli in garlic sauce $10. This I thought was kind of overpriced, I mean I guess so is the seafood tofu clay pot if you were really getting down to the nitty gritty. The Chinese broccoli were cut up to smaller pieces so it's easier to eat, it was very tasty, but there weren't that much on the plate. Any non-noodle dishes that are not appetizers come with 1 small cup of rice, you get a choice of 1. egg fried rice, 2. white rice or 3. brown rice.

Service was very friendly and perky, definitely way superior than typical Chinese or Asian joints. Nothing sketchy here. They don't try to scam you, or do things that make you question why they did certain things. The whole experience was very comfortable. Lighting was great, seats were nice and so is the dining table. Overall nice ambiance. 

I don't know many restaurants in Charlotte where you can order such authentic Chinese dishes, oh I was told the head chef here is from HK. However, this is the only authentic Chinese cuisine in Charlotte area I am able to locate that actually has good service and great ambiance.
Lots of choices with many new options not normally found locally.  The staff is attentive and offered up a visual tablet to help with choices.  That was a nice touch to see items. I  ordered sushi and it could have been wrapped tighter, the seaweed wrap was extra chewy and could of been a bit colder, but tasty.  A order of honey chicken came out in a large dish, enough for two.  The fried rice does not have eggs or veggies in it, but was tasty.    Fried ragoons were hot and filled with delicious crab mixture.   I saw so many items to try for the next visit.    Place does a huge take out business.
good over all but watch the 5.99 lunch special it add up to over 10.00 if you get egg roll and soup and beverage
My dining mates and I ate here for dinner. Very extensive dinner menu featuring  regional choices for example of Cantonese, Szechuan dishes,plus combo dinner specials. Lunch menu also extensive. Sushi cuisine offered also.
 A small ipad on the table with photos of some of the dishes
Menu prices very reasonable.

The atmosphere was plain but comfortable. Our waitress very friendly and eager to explain the menu we had questions about.
Our dinners were plated nicely, good portions. Food was warm not hot.
Spicy dishes were not that spicy and we actually asked for a extra little dish of hot sauce for the food.

Everything we ordered was very tasty.
Our waitress made a few mistakes on our orders but quickly apologized and brought out the correct dishes.


We ordered, hot and sour soup, miso soup, lettuce wraps, salmon roll. Entrees were Hunan chicken, beef and scallops, sesame chicken, and spicy fish. Brown, white or fried rice choices with dinner.
All in all an enjoyable dinner. We would come back again for lunch or dinner.
Really good food. The place is always busy. I had the sesame chicken combo which was delicious. I thought the portion could have been a bit larger.
One of the more top-notch Chinese/Asian cuisine restaurants in the area. I've only been in here for lunch but wouldn't be opposed to coming by for dinner some time. There's something different about this Chinese place compared to so, so many others camped out in Food Lion shopping centers throughout the South.

So many of those other places often feel so gimmicky. Cheap meals with a front of being authentic Chinese. While I've only had the lunches here so far (which fit firmly into the "standard American Chinese food" category) I get the feeling that they're legit here. They're not actually strictly staffed by Chinese people. Oddly enough, that's indicator number one that they might be authentic.

Anyways, staff here has always been super nice and helpful. Easily among the friendliest staff I've met at a Chinese restaurant. They actually take time to talk to you and get to know you. They sport mini iPads for taking orders and I'm sure that enables them to get to tables quickly without having to run orders back to the kitchen constantly. I've never met with a delay on receiving my food here.

The food flavor and quality isn't anything to write home about. Again, basing this entirely on the lunch menu right now. I'd really like to take a shot at some more authentic stuff. I've had the sesame chicken and it's honestly a bit plain. But this won't stop me from going back in again for lunch. They move quickly and you can get full and pay tip for $8. See y'all again soon!
Great for a quick lunch for either sushi of traditional Chinese. I had the sesame chicken combination with fried rice steamed broccoli two crab Rangoon and fruit.   The fried rice was very flat not many vegetables of flavor.  The temperature was luke warm so it is most likely held for the lunch rush.  Fruit was three orange wedges the other choice was cake.  Over all not bad for $7.95 including a soft drink ot tee.  Lunch sushi seemed a bit high for one roll and four nagri pieces $12.95.
A go to spot. Good food and service. American Asian favorites and authentic cuisine. Stick to tried and true or be more adventurous. Up to you. 
Everything we've had is good. Nice portions that allows for leftovers. Husband loves their wonton soup. He gets it every time all year long. It's slightly oily to me but still good. 
Full bar. A hot pot of tea if you prefer. Just ask. Comfy and good for families, too. 
Still haven't found the right sushi chef so still no sushi at this time. 
Unlike other nearby Asian restaurants, Lee's is consistent. The food AND service. This is important to me. I don't want to love a place, go back a month later and say "What happened?" Not at Lee's. The same great people are there and the same good food piled high every time!! 
We always finish full and happy.
This cafe got some good chinese food. I meant real chinese food, and also American chinese food also tasty. Lunch menus prices are decent and food are good. Some Chinese-chinese dish on the dinner menu a little pricey but the taste was great.
Super authentic Sichuan cooking in SC? Words I would never thought I would ever type. Located right across the NC/SC border in a supermarket plaza is this place. It's well decorated and clean - a big plus to some of the places I am used to visiting. I was promptly seated and ordered my Sichuan favorite, the "water cooked fish fillet" in Chinese. It is basically their Szechuan style fish filet. Fish fillets and chili peppers and peppercorns are placed inside a bowl as extremely hot oil is placed into the bowl which melds all the flavors together while cooking it. 
The dish is supposed to be very spicy but the preparation here may have been tamed down a little bit, I didn't find it spicy at all, which was disappointing! I was also only given one bowl of rice for a large family style dish. 

Service was good. 

All in all still a good experience. Would likely return!
Did carry out here, after a night out with the family. It's pretty good stuff. I had the hot & sour soup, which is very good. The chicken fried rice is also very good. Everyone in the family thought their food was good. Even though we carried out, the restaurant also looks like a nice place to have an eat in meal.
I know that comparing Charlotte (technically Fort Mill) Chinese food to New York is a little unfair. There are just more Cantonese people up there so the options are endless but after eating at Lee Cafe I will no longer need to wait until my trips up north to get good Cantonese/Szechuan style dinner. 

My suggestion is to go in a larger group so you can order entrees and do it family style. If you have never had Szechuan before, Most dishes come out with a ton of Szechuan peppercorn but they are thicker and harder to chew so if you don't want it spicy they are easily avoidable.

When we sat down, we got a ton of menus. We got a sushi menu, a Chinese menu, and a regular menu. I strongly think you should go out of your comfort food when you try this place. There are not a lot of places in the area that have authentic dishes. So if you see a dish that you could get in a food court in the mall, try something else! Not because it wouldn't be good at Lee Cafe but because your taste buds will be in for a treat! 

The Szechuan Wonton
(Which was pork and had pieces of whole shrimp, not minced) were delightful. The best part was the sauce the wontons were in. Super flavorful!!! We loved it so much in fact after we finished the wontons we saved the plate of sauce to pour over our white rice. 

Dry-fried Green Beans 
Hands down! The best garlic green beans I have ever had. I don't know what dry fried means but the green beans were bright and plump and had a crisp bite to them but were not oily. They came out with a ton of garlic and everyone at the tables loved them!!

We also got the Beef Chow Fun which is a guilty pleasure for me, I personally always love any kind of fat noodle so it's really hard for me to review this because I'm biased. But guys at the table after the fact said we should have opted for a more traditional dish.  We also got the Spicy Chili Chicken which is also dry fried. It was a little tough for me but still tasted good. 

So long story short, I will be coming back. There are SOO many things I want to try like MAPO tofu, the sushi here and basically all the things that say Szechuan in front of it! Enjoy!!
Quaint and tasty. First-time visit based on Yelp reviews. 

There were three of us. We ordered hibachi chicken, hibachi steak & shrimp, dragon rolls, volcano rolls and California rolls. Sushi was fresh and well-prepared. Volcano roll was a little sweet for my liking. Hibachi was awesome. Everything was cooked perfectly and had that savory flavor I was craving. 

Wait staff was very attentive (dining room was about a quarter full) and friendly.

They don't have "yum-yum" sauce. This was a bummer. 

Would recommend and will be back.
Steamed Dumplings and Beef Chow Fun.  The best Cow Fun I have found  in the Charlotte area.  Pleasant atmosphere and a friendly staff.
Excellent Chinese food. We tried all of the staple take out items we usually get and found everything to be well above all the other Chinese take outs around. Steamed dumplings and crab rangoons were great. Fried rice was excellent. Everything was made fresh and quality of the ingredients was evident. I even tried a tuna roll and was surprised to find not only great quality raw fish, but the rice was perfect, very balanced roll. Next time we will order from the Chinese menu for more traditional foods.
I have to give the company 3 stars because of the effort afforded when forgetting my laundry. The company called and said they would drop it off at my place of business for me. I was happy about that, BUT the person calling me told me that my laundry would cost me $89.00 for fluff and fold. I was astonished at the rate. I gave my cc# unhappily.  When they delivered my clothing, the driver told me the young woman on the phone weighed my clothing wrong and it turned out to be far less. Needless to say I was very happy about that....clean clothing, delivery and less than I was told. The only reason for 3 stars is because of the young lady I was speaking with on the phone that told me that astronomical amount for my clothes. The cleaning was excellent and they didn't bunch up my socks!!
Great basics. Beans are made right. Tortillas are typical. But the cooks know what they are doing and the sauces are above normal. Don't be scared if you don't speak English but knowing a little Spanish makes the experience better. If u live here u should speak Spanish anyways.
good food for the price. I like their new location. They used to be in the little building across the street (north side of Southern). I have not been disappointed with any dish. 
Better chips and salsa would make this place a 5, but maybe that's how they keep the prices down.
Amado's Bros is a new favorite Friday breakfast joint for me and my co-workers.  The breakfast burritos are not huge, but definitely fill you up without a hitch.  Friendly smiles and good prices will keep me coming back for more!
One of the better breakfast burritos I have had.  It fills me up through lunch.  The ham, egg, and pico de gallo make this a must have every time I stop by.  And as the other reviewer mentioned, a salsa bar to boot.
This was an "Authentic" Mexican food place. "Authentic" meaning this is food made by Mexicans for Mexicans, and not by Gringos trying to make Mexican food! If you speak Spanish you'll be able to read everything on the menu and understand what the staff is saying. If not you'll get buy, but maybe you're not ready yet to try the Lengua or Menudo!

Pricing was great - a variety of daily lunch specials are offered for around $5. And they offer free corn chips and salsa.
SUMMARY: Nice option for nails in Westlake!  

FULL STORY:  Came for a pedicure -- was able to schedule by phone same-day.  They were ready right at my appointment time - didn't wait around. It's a newer place with a really relaxing, clean, bright atmosphere.  Plenty of space, so even with more clients it wouldn't feel too crowded.  Staff was super welcoming and friendly.  Very professional but still laid-back.  

As advertised... tons of polish choices (and they all seemed fresh - probably because it's a newer salon, but I get the impression they care a lot about this stuff). The minor down-sides for me were that the pedicure didn't last quite as long as mine usually do, and the prices were a little higher than usual.  There wasn't a salt scrub or much going on treatment-wise -- I think those are available, but you have to know and ask for those things separately?  

Still an enjoyable service and really nice people. 

Note: Plenty of plaza parking
Je vais devoir y revenir! Petit café sympa avec une petite terrasse, j'y ai pris un cappuccino excellent... cependant les vedettes ici sont les "piadina" sandwich italien typique du nord de l'Italie (autour de Bologne)... ça avait l'air tout à fait appétissant mais il était trop tôt encore pour un sandwich!  :-(

Le service est rapide et courtois.
I was looking forward to trying this place.

I found the menu a bit confusing.  There are a few meat options, each with a few options of cheese and add-ons.

You are looking at around $9.00 for a sandwich, which isn't cheap.

When you order, the guy rolls out a piece of dough and puts it on a griddle kind of like a crepe.  He then slices the meat or cheese and throws it on.  He then folds it and cuts it.

I got mortadella and arugula and a can of soda for $10.00. No tomato no condiments nothing.  

It was very tasty!  I enjoyed it and appreciate the freshness.

I noticed they coffees are very well priced so for an espresso drink the value here looks great.

I don't know if I will go back soon because I found it a bit expensive for the ingredients.  But I will probably go back eventually.
Mon patron est allé manger la une fois avec une cliente alors j'ai pris la peine de l'essayer, comme tous les nouveaux restos dans le coin. 

C'est une toute petite boutique de sandwich tout près du métro sherbrooke, au coin de st-denis. Dehors, une ardoise avec le spécial du jour. A l'intérieur, 2 comptoirs avec 3 bancs et la cuisine. Disons que le prendre pour emporter serait plus pratique, ce que j'ai fait. L'artisan Piadineria porte bien son nom puisque tout est fait maison, même le pain de style ' pita ' qu'Il fait sur demande. Tu choisis ensuite la viande de ton choix ( mortadelle, prosciutto, jambon, etc. ), du fromage (mozarella, bocconccini, etc.) et les légumes. Le prix est vraiment pas donné : 10,00$ environ pour un simple sandwich. J'ai pris prosciutto et pesto, sans fromage.

C'est super bon, mais ce n'est pas pour les petits porte-feuilles.
Get here early or else they tend to run out of ingredients. The most wonderful sandwiches, for lack of a better term. A choice for all tastes. Owner brought back this specialty from Naples and now has a second location. I usually take the 'Napoli'
Stumbled upon this tiny place. Happy I did. Friendly people, tasty sandwiches. Great find.
It's a fantastic place to have fellowship with other followers of Christ and to celebrate our King, God and Savior.  The children's ministry is awesome as well.   It's loads of fun for everyone.   I hope to see you there.
Fabulous staff of servants!  It is such a pleasure to come alongside and be part of all that is going on here.

This is a great family to be part of... As a man, I really appreciate the emphasis on the role of the man in the home as a Christ-follower.
We love our church. We moved to Arizona from the east coast due to work transfer. We were concerned that we would not find a place of worship that was bible based. Wow, how GOD surprised us. It's an incredible adventure. Everyone is amazing!
I love my church.
Last night, we held an hour of Worship, the music was awesome. GOD has sent a great group of worship leaders to this campus.
We finally found a home.

Thank you JESUS.
This is a beautiful establishment blessed by God.  Amazing staff, great pastor, and the music is always wonderful.  This church has become like a family to us and we are so grateful!
